 it makes difficult to assess the quality of the information provided as well as to merge this information. Secondly
 contextualizing it and creating a powerful knowledge about the scenario. To capture the parts of an event and the information changing over time
 {\#}analytics
 fixed resolutions
 {\textcopyright} 2017 Informa UK Limited
 there is a diversity of collective activities
 and linguistics
 legal statuses and socio-economic backgrounds
 the most recommended five news organizations comprised 69{\%} of all recommendations. Five news organizations alone accounted for 49{\%} of the total number of recommendations collected. Out of 14 organizations that dominated recommendations across the different searches
 278) varied information about the provision of a leader apology and the grassroots public response to an intergroup transgression. Results show that grassroots responses can enhance victim group perceptions of offender group remorse
 and Facebook addiction). Specifically
 diversity
 we find the relationship between video uploading activity
 depending
 and how it may have been provoked by the long-standing
 we should not retreat into debates around the ‘proper object' of research but rather engage with the productive complications of mapping social media data into knowledge (Whatmore
 findings demonstrate that social expressive use is also conducive to political participation via offline political talk
 crowdsourced assessments can also be highly subjective. In this paper
 profanity
 partial truth
cited By 0
 writings take many forms of social media posts
 LLC
 we apply the concepts of rough set theory to develop the attribute selection algorithm. We perform experiments over five different spam classification datasets over diverse OSNs and compare the performance of the proposed methodology with that of several baseline methodologies for attribute selection. We find that
 face-to-face communication
 we present two points
 named Diversity-sensitive Targeted Influence Maximization (DTIM)
 and the educational consequences of such decisions. I find undocumented students' decisions to hide legal status
 a podcast hosted by Max Bretos (Cuban American) and Marly Rivera (Puerto Rican). Offering a textual and content analysis
 peak signal to noise ratio
 encompassing a range of cultural representational resources
 respectively. To enrich edge information in the fused image
 image encryption has become the most widespread form of secure image communication. In recent past
 the optimal threshold value is located gradually and quickly by virtue of the foraging behaviors of chicken swarm with a hierarchal order. Experimental results show that our method is superior to some segmentation methods based on genetic algorithm
"Sui
 1.5)
 and useful testbeds. We detail a few such testbeds: A testbed composed of Android devices
 LLC
 jural and harmonious relations. It has also been found that journalists construct super-ordinate identities for ordinary people and represent them either positively as advocates of government policies or negatively as violators of social rules. The representation of both identities and relations of ordinary people is realized through both macro and micro discourse strategies. In essence
 Internet of things (IoT)
 speckle images were first decomposed using two-dimensional stationary wavelet transform and then a suitable filtering method was used to filter respective coefficients of each sub-band of the speckled images. Generally
 we propose an abstract document model called XMS short for XML Multimedia Specification; it describes the composition of an original multimedia document and can be extended to any document type. We present how we may use spatial information present in this document to adapt and modify the original document. We mainly focus on the spatial aspect of a web document
 student-faculty interactions
 Christian
 particularly those pertaining to families. A deductive thematic analysis of the data on families within these interviews revealed two major themes
 thus creating a self-reinforcing process that benefits an increasingly diverse and representative body of users. This inquiry builds on earlier studies of Boston and San Francisco that show that 311 systems did not bias response to traditionally disadvantaged groups (lower socioeconomic status or racial/ethnic minorities) at the demand level nor from high-volume users. {\textcopyright} 2018
 as an imperial center. {\textcopyright} 2017
 those who perceive more disadvantages cite the limitations on using the golf course for non-golf activities
 secondly
 the new rules emerging from religious and commercial concerns in the present-day context of these weavers are linked with the diverse positions taken by each woman. We discuss how these new rules are associated with different processes of cultural identity in this group of Mapuche women. {\textcopyright} 2018
 a time of freedom (71{\%})
 and whether organizational efforts to mitigate gender bias might shrink gender gaps. U.S. women exposed to a biased chemistry department anticipated more discrimination and projected less sense of belonging
 part of Springer Nature 2018."
 the perpendicular distance from the individual to the hyperplane as convergence information is added into the diversity maintenance phase
 they continue to be applied in the Global South without much thought for their relevance to various non-Western cultural contexts. The current study explores the fit of these identity development theories to the experiences of 15 non-heterosexual and transgender individuals in Sri Lanka
 12{\%} Black
 share similarities and closeness with two main types of dyadic relations: a “synonymy relation” based on a common sense of similarity and likeness and an “antonymy relation” characterized by dominant and complementary relations. Although the two types of relations reflect through additional social forms
 immigrants-based SAMPGA
 where most people approach life as a quest to achieve their personal goals. But most minority Americans and recent immigrants tend to adjust to the world as it is rather than seeking change. That is a major reason why integration of these groups has proven difficult. Poor countries abroad are often ill-governed because local culture accepts misrule more passively than in the West. The entire American tradition
 considering real material properties of activated carbon and steel
 their religious background has granted them financial independence from the non-LGBT civil society
 part of Springer Nature."
 observe and narrate the child's actions
 and mathematics (STEM). Researchers focused on non-dominant populations are advised against generalizations and to examine cultural intersections (i.e. race
 which suggests that numerical representation of groups influence group dynamics and cultural context
 wire-electric-discharge machining and laser cutting process and two micro-machining processes namely
 young people are relying on the unregulated private rental market or their families to help them enter homeownership and acquire residential independence. There is an apparent need for affordable housing or policies which are catering to young people's needs. The relevant body of research has been using residential satisfaction approach to provide an evaluation of the variety of housing available to young tenants. Hence
 support for dynamically defining and deploying diverse checks across multiple systems. In this paper we report on our experiences of developing
 control condition. Each week for 4 days
 from a very diverse range of cultural and linguistic backgrounds
 diverse sample of public high school adolescents (N = 1643) from Arizona. Structural equation modeling techniques determined model fit. The model fit the data well: $\chi$2 (n = 1643
 a survey among home-dwelling older adults (60 + years) (N = 20
 nine focus groups and five key informant interviews were conducted with practitioners (n = 62) who serve immigrant and refugee survivors of IPV. Results revealed multilevel risk and protective factors for IPV/IPH found at the societal level (e.g.
 Springer Science+Business Media
 this paper proposes simple modifications to the IEEE 802.11 DCF MAC to allow the joint operation of both MIMO techniques. Hence
 sources
 this study examined the psychometric quality and measurement invariance of the FO scale on the School Success Profile (SSP) across African American (34.8{\%})
 another potential approach is the feedback-free NDMA (FF-NDMA) protocol
 the author takes up the question: To what extent did African Americans view the Scopes Trial as an educational issue? The viewpoints of a diverse group of African Americans who participated in the evolution debate are described and analyzed
 the findings show that these two measurements of content diversity are different yet related to each other. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Radio Rediffusion
 a cultural historical tale was decontextualized and reframed
 effects were largely confined to those who were high in need for cognition. There was no additive benefit to pairing ads with political comedy. The results are discussed regarding their contribution to theories of persuasion and information processing when applied to political comedy and political ads. {\textcopyright} 2018
 academic and social media data and make recommendations for students
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 they often lead to the spread of fake news. Despite worrying trends
 LLC
 diverse Internet corporate news channels
 through the use of social media platforms such as Instagram
 and nonresponsiveness opens up identity and race formulations to include complexities of what is and is not expressed via interaction and performance. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2017."
 Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 0
cited By 0
 Lady Gaga's Twitter posts create a stance of alignment with the 'ordinary' people in her fan base. Conversely
 Sweden and New Zealand
 tracking infrastructures
 W and Liu
 the proposed model has advantages in terms of segmentation performance and robustness to initial contour and noise. {\textcopyright} 2018
 we have proposed an entropy based fuzzy least squares support vector machine (EFLSSVM-CIL) and entropy based fuzzy least squares twin support vector machine (EFLSTWSVM-CIL) for class imbalanced datasets where fuzzy membership values are assigned based on entropy values of samples. It solves a system of linear equations as compared to the quadratic programming problem (QPP) as in EFSVM. The least square versions of the entropy based SVM are faster than EFSVM and give higher generalization performance which shows its applicability and efficiency. Experiments are performed on various real world class imbalanced datasets and compared the results of proposed methods with new fuzzy twin support vector machine for pattern classification (NFTWSVM)
 the bounded and narrow character of participation render this cosmopolitan space rather limited. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2017."
 Springer Science+Business Media
 2017). Roe scheme encounters carbuncle phenomenon
 one of the most widely followed information outlets of the NO DAPL movement. Findings suggest that online video and live streaming trigger different forms of connective activity. The highlighted differences reflect the ways in which synchronous and asynchronous forms of online audio-visual communication impact users' everyday life. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2018."
 we map them into three network spaces: following space
cited By 0
 Iceland
 of whom 90 were also interviewed. The findings indicate that the key factors in choosing a medium are availability
 part of Springer Nature."
"Muthukkumar
 we propose an adaptive estimation method of regularization parameter for expected patch log likelihood based image denoising. Our method jointly employs the Lagrange multiplier technique and entropy concept to select regularization parameter for each underlying cluster. Experimental results illustrate the relatively good performance of our image denoising method in terms of visual improvement and peak signal to noise ratio. {\textcopyright} 2018
 technology formalization
 six versions are thoroughly investigated to determine the best version for solving the text clustering. Eight benchmark text datasets are used for the evaluation process available at the Laboratory of Computational Intelligence (LABIC). Seven evaluation measures are utilized to validate the proposed algorithms
 and illustrate how televised normality itself can be a queer phenomenon. In doing so
 LLC
 fiction
 the results indicate a significant statistical improvement of 156{\%} in understanding of molecular symmetry concepts (p {\textless} 0.05) after subjecting students to the interactive VL platform. This study also shows identifying bond angles and planarity as concepts crucial for students. It is also implicit that estimations of discrimination skills related to identifying concept-based learning may be relevant for perceiving alternate concepts among learners. {\textcopyright} 2018
 Local Binary Patterns (LBP)
 they are synonymous. The concepts underlying both terms therefore have become blurred and generated much confusion. The aim of this article is to explore the origins of the confusion
 our study explores the socioeconomic determinants of crime rate in Pakistan
 such as the public use of power and threat of failure
 which was conducted with the aim of determining the level of consciousness about the climate change of Libyan people
 e-learning platforms must change their mechanisms for data processing and storage to be smarter. In this context
 whereas the increased use of smartphones is making life more convenient. Such changes pose the necessity of change in educational systems and allow a learning experience outside classrooms. Thus
 rather than the various stories
 Springer Science+Business Media
 part of Springer Nature."
 from the customer's perspective
 cluttered scenes. (2) Many methods evaluate themselves with disparate criteria
 Springer Science+Business Media
 Springer Science+Business Media
 multiple techniques based on the hybrid selection strategy can effectively enhance the exploration ability of the MOHGD. Besides
 open research issues and implementation challenges for TVWS IEEE standards are highlighted. {\textcopyright} 2018
 cluster maps and radial charts
 and the user-defined “domain instruction set
 hardware designers have integrated CPUs and GPUs on the same chip
 the method of discriminative self-adapted locality-sensitive sparse representation for video semantic analysis is proposed. In the proposed method
 a social recommendation system is proposed based on reliable virtual ratings to improve the accuracy of predicted ratings especially about the users with insufficient ratings. To this end
 inter-view
 for solving dynamic optimization problems is proposed. The proposed algorithm uses the explicit memory to store the aging best solutions and employs clustering for preserving diversity in the population. Using the aging best solutions and keeping the diversity in population of the candidate solutions in the environment help speed-up the convergence of the algorithm. The proposed approach has been tested on Moving Peaks Benchmark. The Moving Peaks Benchmark is a suitable function for testing optimization algorithms and it is considered as one of the best representative of dynamic environments. The experimental study on the Moving Peaks Benchmark shows that the proposed approach is superior to several other well-known and state-of-the-art algorithms in dynamic environments. {\textcopyright} 2018
 as well as their child's emotion regulation and emotion lability. Correlational analyses revealed that although
 and the other is intro-population crossover of each population in order to increase the diversity of individuals. The mutation operation of each population is followed to further enhance the diversity of individuals. And the simulated annealing algorithm is employed to avoid the algorithm falling into the local optimum effectively. The simulation experiments of various scale instances are carried out and compared with the simulation results of the other two popular algorithms to verify the effectiveness of the algorithm. The simulation results show that the proposed algorithm is superior to the other two algorithms in both the quality of the solution and the time-consuming. {\textcopyright} 2018
 observations
 a closed-form expression for BER of the proposed system is derived over AWGN and Rayleigh fading channel conditions. Comparison of simulation results with theoretical BER expressions of additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) and Rayleigh fading channels for various system parameters like signal to noise ratio
 with the most frequently reported ones being related to affective or psychological states
 anywhere well-being” lifestyle. Recently
 due to the diverse sizes and uses of big data used in P2P environments
 and georeferenced messages containing data compliant with the International System of Units (SI) in a resource-efficient way. By integrating shared data from multiple networking services into a single communication infrastructure
 and software studies. Focusing on the production of news and games
 differences for decoding measures were not found to be statistically significant. Given that the decoding assessments had effect sizes of.025 (small) and.037 (medium)
 Chloe
 more precise analytical units that are better equipped to accommodate the qualitative diversity of material cultures: The amateur
 we overcome this issue by introducing an integer linear programming-based summarization framework. It incorporates a low-rank approximation to the sentence-word cooccurrence matrix to intrinsically group semantically similar lexical items. We conduct extensive experiments on datasets of student responses
 criminally inclined
 education
"Zhang
 and average scattering angle were extracted to characterize the scattering mechanism. Based on H/a plane space
 which consisted of villagers
 as well as the generic vocabulary are transformed into SKOS hierarchical classification schemes and then linked to each other through their similar terms that correspond to the same actions. In this way
 D and Nagori
 'Historical'
 sectors that have a strong pluralist-clientelist policy structure with connections to government actors with decision-making power have greater potential for achieving their target policies compared with more corporatist policy networks. {\textcopyright} 2018 by the author."
 but at the same time the costs of these issues to the future of computer science and society in general are very large [12]. The objective of this special session is to discuss the role of academic institutions and computer science departments in propagating positive
 a mobile app was developed to be used as a remote control for media activation on the desktop host. {\textcopyright} 2018 Copyright held by the owner/author(s)."
 we are able to discover levels which improve the balance between different classes. This opens up potential applications for a designer tool which can adapt a human authored map to fit the designer's desired gameplay outcomes
 several studies manifest the effectiveness of deep neural network in rumor detection. However
 real-time data processing and resource management are becoming more and more diverse. Software defined networking (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV) technologies are not only transforming network infrastructure from complicated physical entities to virtual and programmable nodes
 which means existing techniques in influence or profit maximization cannot give guaranteed performance. To solve this issue
 implements the joint recommendation by suggesting a user establish connections to his cross-layer two-hop neighbors
 making the diversity within the set of the original faces lost. To address this challenge
 this study confirms that community managers have not as yet achieved their goal of embedding the use of social media by citizens as a means of establishing more direct contact with their local governments. Moreover
 and have diverse repertoires of news viewing
 and with various religious affiliations–have again taken the centre stage from the power corridors of policy-making to the debates in student organisations. In the last few years there has been an exponential increase in the coverage of violence against women in the media
 and authorship. Despite crisis and turmoil
 and the norms of formal and casual speech. Consequently
 for instance
 Korean language on improving interaction and participation. They also provided tasks which local and international students should perform collaboratively in a team. The findings are discussed in terms of how EMI should be implemented to overcome locally bound constraints in a non-English-speaking context and to embrace the emerging needs of international stakeholders. {\textcopyright} 2018
 a half and half low multifaceted nature symmetric cryptography conspire Secure Force with Arnold work has been proposed. The proposed approach utilizes the Arnold grid modified and adjusted to at the same time make a stage and disarray to picture pixels utilizing strategic guide
 linguistic
 which may be detrimental to democracy. They may help to accelerate the ascendancy of a “post-truth” era in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief. A study on political polarization
 this study does not support the occurrence of ‘filter bubbles' in Google Search results in the context of social and political information. {\textcopyright} 2018 Elsevier Ltd"
 our paper proposes an approach based on a developed domain specific language (DSL) and architecture of distributed crawling system. The DSL has a declarative style that requires the user to define the description of needed data and based on an ontological model of social networks and the essential crawling techniques. Thus
 messages containing populist contents
 subevents)
 assessments and contributions on social media can be confusing. We can detect fully relevant topics/ideas in community discussions; but they typically suffer from lack of coherence. In this paper
 and another version of “associativity” normalized by the “content entropy” of Wikipedia categories. The Wikipedia categories obtained through our applied methods are finally used in a random forest classifier for the task of reputation dimensions classification. The experimental evaluations show a significant improvement over the baseline accuracy. {\textcopyright} 2017
 the media bombarded viewers with scenes of devastated landscapes
 the social relationship between users becomes more and more complex. The complexity of multiple social networks challenges social recommendation. However
 the dynamics of brand acceptance is essentially an interwoven dynamics of endogenous opinion dynamics disturbed by an information diffusion process. To have a better understanding of the dynamics of brand acceptance
 we propose a model named social strength prediction model
"Chaudhary
 we measure the entropy of the features across multidimensional color planes. The non-extensive entropy with the Gaussian information gain is used as the entropy measure for our experiments since it is non-linear and a good indicator of regular patterns in textures. Comparisons with the state-of-the-art prove the efficiency of our approach both in terms of accuracy and the reduced feature dimension. {\textcopyright} 2017
 and stability. We propose a framework called SCI (Social Connection Inference) that integrates all derived features to distinguish real friends' meetings from strangers' coincidental meetings. Experiment results based on the three LBSN datasets prove the effectiveness of the proposed SCI framework by outperforming the state-of-the-art methods. In addition
"Anandakumar
 provided that the auxiliary gradient equations use the entropy variables. Both parts are presented for fully three-dimensional
cited By 0
"Kaushal
 which emphasizes those frames with low target posterior probability. The proposed approaches have been performed by using a personalized mid-vocabulary speaker-independent voice corpus. This dataset is employed for recognition of digit strings and personal name lists in Spanish from the northern central part of Mexico on a connected-words phone dialing task. A relative word error rate improvement of 12.3 {\%} and 10.7 {\%} is obtained with the two proposed approaches
 without fusion. All images in both databases are used
 LLC
 Information Gain Ratio and Exra-Trees algorithm. The unsupervised part of the approach allows to reduce the irrelevant normal traffic data for DDoS detection which allows to reduce false positive rates and increase accuracy. Whereas
 by linking theories to realities. The theoretical assumptions of generational cohort theory (GCT)
 uncertainty words and quantification are organically combined to determine the safety performance evaluation grade standard cloud and project comprehensive evaluation cloud
 especially in the ant colony clustering algorithm in data aggregation is proposed based on the principle of solving business decision support system to deal with data in the huge data processing result is not ideal problem. The data processing steps of data mining are studied. Through information entropy and ant colony clustering algorithm to achieve this process
 orchestras
 in this paper
cited By 0
 ensuring that the gradient of the level set function is in the direction of the minimum point so that the evolution process is closer to the zero level set. 15-dimentional features including zero-crossing rate and image entropy are used in the process of contour detection. Results show that the method is highly accurate and effective. {\textcopyright} 2018
cited By 0
 the higher the tolerance for the infidelity. In an era where monogamous relationships are dynamized by the multiplication of relationship modes through online social networks
 one hiding method and two encryption methods are used in two hybrid algorithms. The new hiding algorithm proposed here starts by applying reordering and scrambling operations to the six Most Significant Bit planes of the secret image
 and that marginalises the experiences of women and service providers
 and an analysis of niche media
 whose size will increase with the number of iterations
 along with high screen time. The Home/Screens Barriers class (i.e.
 thus opening the deliberative system to diverse perspectives and unknown voices more than others. Government delegations vary strongly in their tendency to approach journalists while environmental non-governmental organizations interact with journalists primarily to attract media attention in order to indirectly influence decision makers in national delegations. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2018."
 when and why this medium became a part of the RGS's knowledge-making practices
 the approximations can be constructed using only first-order information of the NN function
 that the new GA is consistently outperformed by the conventional GA
 37.4{\%} Asian or Asian American
 no variation is found within endogamous unions. For endogamous unions with a first-generation partner
 these findings were not significantly different from scores following longer videos. While short-term retention of material did not seem to be influenced by video length
 NSGA II
 North America and Africa aged between 19 and 65 years (M = 38.15 years) reported their experiences of IPV and their preparedness to seek assistance through surveys. The results showed that over 50{\%} of the participants experienced some form of IPV
 RFP allows for the involvement of two parents and siblings when working with infants or young children. In this case-series
 inclusive learning environments. This article contributes new empirical evidence demonstrating the specific roles that librarians can play in creating rich
 meeting tenants' security requirements are still a major challenge for cloud providers. In this paper
 a localization technique
 L-DDP and DSCR. {\textcopyright} 2017
 devoid of meaningful cardinal distance
 visited by each mobile agent
 we describe and propose a novel and a useful multi-objective artificial algae algorithm (MO-AAA) to solve multi-objective engineering design problems. Our proposed algorithm
 making the distribution of the weight vectors broader and more effective to ensure the diversity and convergence of solutions in the objective space. Moreover
 which is used to keep the diversity of Random Forest. By utilizing incremental learning technology
 the classical differential evolution algorithm is modified by a novel replacement operator
 with grandparents) is negatively associated with children's emotion regulation whereas residing in horizontally extended family structures (i.e.
 Springer Science+Business Media
 and type of sample. Participants for the analyses (N = 354) came from two populations in the San Juan Metropolitan Area: (1) adolescents from randomly selected households
 OMMA Leaky Bucket
 it is still prone to premature convergence or evolutionary stagnation when solving complex multimodal optimization problems. Therefore
 filial piety
 “You are calm/not nervous
 2014; Global policy and policy-making in education
 we have compared our results to the existing work which studies cooperations over flat fading channels
 multimodal
 it may be more interesting to learn about restaurants of different categories or ethnicities which are nonetheless relatively close. The interesting novel aspect of this type of query is that there are two competing criteria to be optimized: closeness and diversity. We propose two approaches that leverage the notion of linear skyline queries in order to find the k diverse nearest neighbors within a radius r from a given query point
 2
 can potentially be a useful cue to improve PRF effectiveness. The key idea behind our PRF method is to use the term-topic and the document-topic distributions obtained from topic modeling over the set of top ranked documents to re-rank the initially retrieved documents. The objective is to improve the ranks of documents that are primarily composed of the relevant topics expressed in the information need of the query. Our RF model can further be improved by making use of non-parametric topic modeling
 a structure diagram is developed in which the four conditions of the research design are connected with their respective game-related factors based on their locality. Further
 during the play of a videogame with three levels of video game reward (high
 food etc. We use this knowledge to inform design of “quantified pets”. The study targets a general problem in Animal-Computer Interaction (ACI)
 from technology info and link citations to art
 asynchronous environments. We evaluated our method with the evaluation properties namely Omega index
 which largely continues to be published in static and linear forms
 which incorporates several effective components
 and linking to prior diversity notions in recommender systems. In particular
 E"
 and then
 exist in the field of synchronous programming
 non-governmental organizations
 and text. The text is most popular used as a carrier files due to its frequency on the internet. There are many techniques variables for the text watermarking; each one has its own robust and susceptible points. In this study
cited By 0
 {\textcopyright} 2018 Informa UK Limited
 and those that do not. In all four countries
 based on functions: repurposing
 educational institutions and the public–as well as for the future of local journalism. {\textcopyright} 2018
 the safety of journalists and internet governance. Each of these dimensions entails existential threats to journalism
 however
 separation of good and bad news content from the articles and performed preprocessing of data is cleaned to get only what is required for analysis
 while low entropy background/low entropy icon selection was higher. This implies that while under normal conditions
 board independence and board diversity (gender and ethnicity). The gender of the board can affect the corporate disclosure via a social network. The results of this study indicate that an increase in the number of female in the board members leads to higher corporate disclosure using social network. Moreover
 participation
 Italy
 the Electric Network Frequency (ENF) signal
 ‘ethical performance'
 this article uncovers patterns of corruption and reveals the structure of corruption networks among Chinese officials. {\textcopyright} 2018 Informa UK Limited
 location and time of the day lead to questioning whether the PD-activity can be considered as a system with emergent-like behaviour. The complexity of obtained data and several signal types are examined and described in this contribution. As a main result
 have been given a platform for the first time. This makes Internet radio an important expression of social pluralism in communications media
 it is argued
 ethnography
 the article uses the case of education for creativity as it is designed for and practiced at Chinese schools. The case reveals how education for creativity is compromised by requirements emanating from larger political programs when implemented in Chinese classrooms. The article challenges the view that educational policy necessarily moves through a trickle-down process
 size of patient empanelment
 elevation
 and less cognitive complexity than mass media. Also
 Amazon and Microsoft). These and other flagships acquire and site labs in proximity to Cambridge's and other university research institutes and talent. They work to what seems like a neoliberal ‘Plan for the Future' in at least three cases embedded in futuristic urban design utopias. This further advantages innovation ‘microsystems' like Cambridge and innovation ‘macrosystems' like Silicon Valley that evolve diversified ‘platform-clusters' of ‘crossover' innovations flowing from interactions among microelectronic systems
 LLC."
 or try to reinvent their internal dynamics. This process can have expressive and symbolic
 cultures and ideologies. Identity
 “premodern” ideological formation with the modern sense of “past-present-future as progress” and the aesthetics of singularity or novelty (after Jameson). This approach is in turn challenged by Mingyuan Hu in the rejoinder
 speeches and circulars indicate a pronounced link between education and security
 the devolution of power and upcoming decision on the sovereignty of the country offer an opportunity to overcome these differences and create a stronger system of inclusion. Drawing on interviews with New Caledonian politicians
 we are told there is relatively little evidence to substantiate its existence. This article draws on a case study to argue that this is because the existing research looks for technical effects while neglecting our social lives. If we follow Foucault's reasoning that systems of thought are also technologies
 an online survey and interviews. Results suggest that most PSM
 protocol
 and show the results of preliminary validation work that we have done. We show both trajectory analysis and sentiment analysis so that users can obtain the insight at a glance. Also
 a joint algorithm exploiting the intuitionistic fuzzy analytic hierarchy process and the entropy weight generation method is designed for stage one
 provokes the need for an update and comprehensible taxonomy of the related research. In response to this chaotic emerging science of social data
 we modeled the fuzzy binary adjacency relations between users
 The Author(s)."
 we proposed a two-fold approach for next POI recommendation. First
 and finally the algorithm is tested. The results are analyzed from three aspects: entropy value feature
 an entropy-based query strategy is proposed to select the most uncertain pairwise constraints. Next
 and an accuracy of 92.13 ± 0.70{\%}. Using grid searching approach
 and remove the backgrounds by region-growing method. Next
 and non-agricultural employment. We find that the farmers living close to subsistence level are more risk averse in their decision making and less likely to pursue these opportunities. Further
 suspicious mass enhancement using dual morphological operation technique and finally
 while the other two age groups of the audience at the age of 12-17 years and 18-24 years are the smallest ones
 we extract the histogram of oriented gradients. Finally
 they used a wide variety of colleagues (e.g.
 including people with expertise in diplomacy
 and the algorithm processes is introduced. Finally
 a specificity of 99.14 ± 1.93{\%}
 Springer Science+Business Media
 and glide slope are defined. A potential field strategy is utilized to rapidly generate solutions based on a library of damaged airplane motion primitives including trim states and transition maneuvers between the trim conditions. As is typical
 Contrast Noise Ratio (CNR)
 analyzing them is challenging due to their large size. In this paper
 most graph analytics methods suffer the high computation and space cost. Graph embedding is an effective yet efficient way to solve the graph analytics problem. It converts the graph data into a low dimensional space in which the graph structural information and graph properties are maximumly preserved. In this survey
 classified and vilified by the public
 and determined the absolute criteria using the resulting ranking. Firstly
 we propose a classification index construction method using non-training sets
 Springer Science+Business Media
 ocean biopolitics and the oceanization of thought. However
 the youths have been expressing their opinions on multiple issues in the form of organized action
 and how adults create these gender-related messages and affect children's interests. We illustrate themes found in the current literature
 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.
 including the iconic sites of the Holocaust
 and sociality
 and poverty rate. More specifically
 “inferior.” This article documents and critically examines two pairs of interlocked psychosocial attitudes—monopride/polyphobia and polypride/monophobia—mediating this predicament of mutual competition in the context of Western mononormative culture. The ideological nature of these “mono–poly wars” is demonstrated through a brief review of empirical literature on the psychological health and relationship quality of monogamous and polyamorous individuals and couples. The article concludes by outlining a critical pluralist approach that eschews universalizing hierarchies between monogamy and polyamory
 to date
 we compare the various UA schemes. {\textcopyright} 2002-2012 IEEE."
 based on SPs and their users service requirements. The developed scheme comprises of traffic analysis and classification
 and also limit an attacker's visibility into locally provisioned sensing capability. This paper introduces EclipseIoT
 LLC
 we focus on a cache replication strategy design for distributed RSUs allocated in a sequence. By exploring the relationship between the RSU allocation and content replication
 part of Springer Nature."
 we qualitatively explore how they distinctively frame religion
 and Women and Criminal Justice
 a multi-objective optimal evolutionary algorithm is represented based on the educational system
 providing extensive teacher support for student learning
 Springer Science+Business Media
 however
 Dice's coefficient is used to find LBS query similarities that help to avoid query similarity attacks. Through component based graph structure
 the goal of doctoral training should not only be the reproduction of “academic successors” but also be the cultivation of “versatile experts.”. {\textcopyright} 2017
 intersecting sub-groups
 LLC
 photography
 where the advertiser makes its investment decision first
 Indian students displayed a higher preference for Individualism compared to their German counterparts. This study contributes to the literature in cross-cultural ethical value positioning of young managers. This study also opens a window for future research in the factors such as educational qualification
 conflict
 a new mutation operator is also proposed and employed in the AMCC-DE to generate promising individuals. On a comprehensive set of 1000-dimensional LSGO benchmarks
 LLC
 LLC
 consider secondary preferences and post-optimality analysis and apply useful revisions to inappropriately selected input data. We analyzed the treatment of optimal cost under variations in deadline and workflow size. As part of the post-optimality analysis
 a gray-scale fluctuation map (GFM) is calculated based on a specific primitive. The pixel values in the GFM reflect the gray-scale fluctuation level of the pixel in the same location in the corresponding image. Second
 character growth
 Springer Science+Business Media
 I call for a more in-depth exploration of the critical combination of different methods of research and modes of representation in anthropology (articles
 which has become a major technology of managing diversity and discourses on diversity
 and Asian American 8th grade students (Mage = 14.03 years) from California. Results showed that Asians had the highest grade point average but the lowest self-esteem among the four major racial/ethnic groups. Asians and Latinos also endorsed more low ability attributions than Whites and Blacks. The self-esteem gap between Asians and their White and Black peers was partly explained by more endorsement of low ability attributions. Implications for future research and interventions were discussed. {\textcopyright} 2018
 Lasenby depicts Ruth
 part of Springer Nature."
 fog computing technology has been proposed
 insects/spiders phobia
 we prove the effectiveness of this algorithm through selected bands validation by support vector machine. {\textcopyright} 2018
 LLC
 the dataset is pre-trained with the model trained by AlexNet network on large-scale ImageNet dataset. In the second branch
 and coping strategies. The results supported the hypothesis that loneliness would be related to problem gambling in CALD students. There was no evidence of a moderating effect of coping strategies. Future research could test whether the introduction of programs designed to alleviate loneliness in culturally diverse university students reduces their risk of developing problem gambling. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 we looked for similarities and differences in the factors that triggered legislative changes
 Conservatism (i.e.
 or too general to convey detailed information. In this work
 adjusted
 the article argues that the notion of self-contemplation and self-reflection that can give the subject freedom as a thinking being needs to be challenged. Questioning beliefs and assumptions includes an examination of one's emotional experiences
 and increases capacity. With the diverse development of networking applications
 we devise a learning-based pipeline of algorithms capable of automatically generating and rendering a potentially infinite variety of indoor scenes by using a stochastic grammar
 and 3) promoting communication and socialization. A significant number of supervisors did not attribute any role to writing but acknowledged writing as an important and neglected activity. Three categories of writing support were identified based on the type of activities supervisors reported and their involvement: 1) telling the students what to do
 that process has been coupled with entrenchment of existing institutional asymmetries and persistent intra-national inequalities; academic prestige is distributed according to opposite principles of legitimation (local/international). Our main task is to explore the current state of research capacities pursuant to that expansion in order to analyze the diverse styles in which knowledge is produced. In our analysis
 emphasizing interaction between inside and outside classroom resources which can further our understanding of the identity of marginalized science students. Exploring this cultural model could better explain drop-outs or engagement of marginalized science students to their study. We
 sensitivity to peer pressure regarding the value attributed to sustainable transportation
 that a system is acceptable for its intended use with respect to dependability and safety concerns. In general
 Journal for the Study of Education and Development
 or following the law and breaking societal expectations about gender appearance-congruent bathroom use. Using a 2 × 2 × 2 within-subjects
 to overcome the problem of ensemble exemplar dictionary based LID system
 this research investigates the impact of the process of service provision on community satisfaction and prosperity in GCR
 especially in the field of artificial intelligence. Swarm intelligence is an important tool for solving complex problems in both scientific research and engineering practice. Representing a major development trend in artificial intelligence and information science
 such as acoustic emission monitoring of the pressure-bearing and load-holding capacities of pressure vessels
 to reconnoitre potential implications for education and learning at work
 however the invariance of the model must be accepted with caution. In addition
 an international and interdisciplinary project
 as TCs have been extensively criticised for not achieving the goals that they are meant to. To determine why a new backward-looking definition is needed
 video fast browsing
 diversity subpopulation always tries to increase Hamming distances between themselves and the current population. In forward-direction region
 The Author(s)."
 shaping how organizations respond to changes in regulations. {\textcopyright} 2018
 fail to do justice to our historical archive. As a vehicle for approaching the experience of religion in early modern South India
 which we recommend for space communication. {\textcopyright} 2018 Scientific Association for Infocommunications. All rights reserved."
 there is notable error diversity between the two classifiers in such a way that their combination increases the recognition rate. Compared to the RtL-HMM
 which are (4) shaped by the interplay of supranational legal frameworks
 and testing. However
” with deep roots in classical antiquity
 and the number of incoming refugees. They also differ in terms of journalistic cultural values. As a result
"Kumar
 as would be seen in a typical social network. We show that the biggest challenge lies in the detection of images whose payload is less then 50{\%} of the available capacity of an image. We suggest new detection methods and apply these to the problem of channel detection in social network. We are able to show that using our attacks we are able to detect the majority of covert F5 channels after a mix containing 10 stego images has been classified by our scheme. {\textcopyright} 2018 Association for Computing Machinery."
 memes
 cisgender women. Further
 the authors observed a significant
 and graph visualization for social channels and digital marketing in social platforms. This paper is a comparative analysis that examines the operational efficiency of Neo4j and another selected database and to examine their overall performance and functionality. Of special concern for research is to propose an experiment to evaluate the performance
 relations according to their activities of interest. This innovation is not less than a magic for the people which compose their lives curiously comfortable. Users have the choice to do settings (privacy and security)in the objects(networks if required) as they would like and thus allowing them to have an independent interaction access. In this paper
cited By 0
 composed of cells
 social network analysis and nethnography were used to analyze and interpret data from a five-week
063 students in English
 {\textcopyright} 2018 Informa UK Limited
 which threads together the critical examination of policy informing texts
 it is also important to study distributed compression of graphical data. In this paper
 such as handling recorded videos at home and the automatic playback of content available in a restricted space. We also verified that the system addressed issues associated with quality-of-service degradation
 but mobile and social channels lead in terms of social uses
 policing
 as one benefit of the internet is that it offers access to diverse voices
 and creativity
 politics and sport. Our findings suggest that there are some aspects of sourcing practices that are distinct to live blogs
 and strengthen those views going forward. Using National Annenberg Election Survey panel data
 sheds new light on the social infrastructure of urban high school principals and what this might mean for efforts at improvement. {\textcopyright} 2018
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 in Lisbon
 E M and Samir
 and ownership; that online hate speech must be addressed; and that the ‘filter bubble' critique ignores the importance of subaltern counterpublics
 importance
 communication and protest actions that span online and urban locations
 in a zine and in an exhibition affirmed emergent complexity. I address the theme of this Special Issue by examining the ways in which social media
 classifying them according to shared common traits
 so it becomes difficult to come across interesting items. To overcome this problem
cited By 0
 a novel basic probability assignment function(BPAF) is presented. Finally
 has become a less significant driver
 voluntary conservation contracts made as a part of the Forest Biodiversity Program for Southern Finland. The survey data of forest owners (N = 509) were analyzed with multivariate generalized linear modeling. The networks involving forestry actors exhibited highest levels of trust
 texture images
 timeline generation
 observable in language
"Myburgh
 named Seeflow
 with a plurality classified as Isle Royale. However
 proposed scheme performs better both in terms of visual imperceptibility and robustness as compared to other scheme. It is concluded that HVS parameters – Luminance
 these texts and their parallel circuits of fan production have played an important role in sustaining contemporary alternative football fan cultures in an increasingly hypercommodified football context. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2016."
 to represent the four binary two-tuples
 the impact of the deployment site's popularity on the WIT and WET efficiencies is first analyzed. Then
 Springer Science+Business Media
 the newspaper has undergone successive transformations. This study charts these changes
 entropy-coded
 without considering whether they will likely yield significant information gain about the environment. In this paper
 in principle
 20{\%} to wells
 part of Springer Nature."
 and I sketch some of its benefits. Third
 this study aimed to check how these vehicles represented the episode in question
 pp 411–420
 1997) and many known algorithms tend to have exponential growth in complexity. We propose a novel graph based UCB1 algorithm that effectively minimizes the number of elements to consider
 which is a key consideration for resource-constrained IoT devices. The simulation results show significant improvements for the throughput and energy efficiency of IoT-UL-MIMO. A duration-length optimization regarding the uplink scheduling phase is also discussed in this paper. {\textcopyright} 2016
 better network stability and fairness among different traffic categories can be achieved when the dominant traffic has low priority. {\textcopyright} 2002-2012 IEEE."
 a single path is generally employed to transmit data; this path is established in advance and remains in use as long as it is valid
 competition
 thereby undermining true inclusion of those from underrepresented groups. We believe our findings are of import not only for environmental scientists
 the tasks are reassigned when it is necessary to balance the workload among different homogeneous processes. In the experiments
 though the degree of observed immobility is sensitive to the number of status categories and number of countries. The long-run trend has been toward greater mobility and a more open global stratification system that coincides with recent declines in between-nation income and education inequality. Although most high- and low-SES countries in 1880 were in the same category in 2010
 and lifetime smoking were additional factors in males. For females
 part of Springer Nature."
 and how they shifted in relation to emergent goals of learners over the course of the season. The dynamic
 we also consider factors associated with resource heterogeneity
 we have developed a mathematical model of new coded-cooperation based multi-relay system for cognitive radio and its outage probability is analytically derived for underlay mode. The performance analysis of proposed system is carried out in terms of interference temperature constraint
 some threshold is applied to obtain the binary segmentation from the saliency map. Thus
 informal helping
 the research aims to understand the lives of these widows in the two ashrams and their everyday coping strategies. The findings suggest that each woman has negotiated with ‘widowhood' in order to build individual identities as ‘self'. Using the threads of analysis
 part of Springer Nature."
 diversity gain
 and experienced university students. Results clearly demonstrated that students perceive numerous psychological contracts relevant to their education with a variety of partners both inside and at the boundaries of the institution. Results also demonstrated that these contracts are qualitatively and quantitatively distinct. The overarching implication of these findings is that students navigate a web of diverse exchange partners
 research showcased in this special issue has demonstrated how international and intranational migrants achieve
 Springer Science+Business Media
 students with lower GPA and MCAT scores and students of racial and ethnic populations that are underrepresented in medicine
 via theoretical study and extensive simulations
 when more receive antennas than RF chains is implemented
 e.g.
 kernel K-means involves several computational steps and has additional computational requirements. As a result
 we have investigated various conventional signal detection methods to improve the system performance which include Alamouti and quasi-ML detection (QMLD) methods. Then
 most of the existing schemes never consider the dynamic nature of WSNs
 and participants' responses to questionnaires indicate a win−win situation for customers as well as online enterprises. We hope that the proposed system will be implemented in practice
 due to its natural dexterity and ability to perform in-hand manipulations. Thus
 further studies are required for the quantitative forecasting of their electric load. In this paper
 there is a tendency for trace links to degrade over time as the system continually evolves. This is especially true for links between source-code and upstream artifacts such as requirements – because developers frequently refactor and change code without updating the links. In this paper we present TLE (Trace Link Evolver)
896 youth representative of the middle and high school population in California who participated in the 2013–2015 California Student Survey (a subsample of the California Healthy Kids Survey
 in this paper
 reciprocal). Additionally
 we show that this scheme can be used at destination as a signal selection method
 4) combination by 33 and 32{\%} in terms of mean delay and normalized throughput respectively. For 8 × 8 system
 and management of the learning rate by reducing at specific iterations is exploited. The Probabilistic latent semantic analysis (PLSA) is compared to the MLP using the Caltech 256 datasets. The classes used include cars
 this paper generates some synthetic samples located within some local area of the training samples
 cumulative GPA
 the paper shows how to derive the proposed service design and analysis framework from the extracted observations through expert analysis
 asset ownership and accumulation. In-depth interviews explore life histories and changes in social arrangements that have influenced agrarian change. Four broad farm types are identified
 a major role is being contributed by the Schmitt trigger circuit. Schmitt trigger is fundamentally a comparator. It is implemented by using a positive feedback. The Schmitt trigger circuit is used in various devices such as buffer
 attributes and academic metrics
 which all articulate diverse concerns with issues on the 2016 campaign trail. Poems within the article include a range of current issues: Whiteness
 medium
 global trade
 of the time spent with 11 UK national newspaper brands by their British audiences
 various disciplines such as sociology
cited By 0
cited By 0
 and enables a very large number of end users to subscribe to those data items through declarative subscriptions. A set of distributed broker nodes connect these end users to the backend data cluster
 which were also reflected on Twitter. Using digital methods
cited By 0
 individual- and interactional level drivers behind joining the Facebook community. {\textcopyright} 2018 Association for Computing Machinery."
 both on engagement with offline situations and on propensity to forward (e.g.
 influence individuals' well-being alongside other factors. This study examines Chinese internal migrant workers who exhibit dynamic network characteristics owing to their mobility. Through a survey of 504 Chinese internal migrant workers
 and the solution method for it is proposed. This type of calculation method can solve a series of uncertainty social computing problems. In social computing the uncertainty problems are even more important. {\textcopyright} 2018 IEEE."
 being dynamically updated every time the window slides to reflect newly arrived and expired posts. We define the criteria for selecting the contents of each summary
 n-gram counting is reasonably reliable; for medium n
 scalability
 we derive inner and outer bounds to capacity and provide simple conditions under which the two bounds are to within a small additive gap. The inner bound relies on a combination of rate-splitting
 and that it is productive to understand this temporality in terms of the present; a temporality that is both ‘now' and on-going. It sets out one framework for theorizing the present and conceptualizing the temporal qualities of digital media
 which lessens the opportunity to meet people from other ethnic backgrounds. This role of people's existing social networks in ethnic segregation has been overlooked in the integration debate so far. {\textcopyright} 2018
 moderate/radical dichotomies. {\textcopyright} 2018
 it will also be shown why insights drawn from research conducted in secondary education cannot simply be transferred to the tertiary level of education. The main focus of the paper is on the ‘English-medium Paradigm
 we found media use and attitudes remained relatively stable. Our results also showed that Facebook news use was related to a modest over-time spiral of depolarization. Furthermore
 and a respective set of criteria that characterizes a diverse information offer in this particular conception of diversity. We make use of a data set of simulated article recommendations based on actual content of one of the major Dutch broadsheet newspapers and its users (N=21
 {\textcopyright} 2017 Informa UK Limited
 which frequently rely on precise coordinate locations
 viz. religious
 focus concentration and propagation distance perspectives across time. {\textcopyright} 2018 Association for Computing Machinery."
 ideologies and attitudes. This profound diversification of life styles shows that social change did not affect local societies as a whole
 we register a shift towards a stronger presence of policy issues
 {\textcopyright} 2018 Informa UK Limited
 FDR-MBM can perform better than FD relaying with conventional modulation schemes such as QAM/PSK. Next
 require a longitudinal study in order to map out livelihood and protective trajectories
 stock
 along with associated pedagogies
 emphasizing organizational
 sharing resources and experiences
 I focus more on the diasporic features of the literature by viewing how writers create their literary platforms to share their own memory and identity. The first representation is the establishment of Vietnamese Writers Abroad
 with their emphasis on law-breaking
 judges
 this paper introduces an approach to automatically identifying content that represents a wider range of opinions on a given topic. Our offline results show positive results for our distance measure with regard to diversification on topic and channel. However
 habits
 etc.) and considers the diverse relations and constraints among the data encoded in the profiles. Specifically
 PaToH
 along with some analysis of its current performance. {\textcopyright} 2018 Association for Computing Machinery."
cited By 0
 ideology and populism
cited By 1
 online persuasion
 much of optimism toward social media has waned in favor of skepticism
 and friends. Past research has indicated that “context collapse” occurs when people must imagine and negotiate interacting with a large and diverse online audience. Using survey data from 771 US Internet users
 political discussion network size
 as well as the mixed effects of social media on the users from different communities. {\textcopyright} 2017
 the automatic way of hate speech detection is needed to be developed for tweets in Indonesian language. In this study
"Elejalde
 Mitali Thakor
 Inc."
 Springer-Verlag London Ltd."
 I demonstrate how protest organizers produced injustice frames that mobilized individual acts of artistic expression
 part of Springer Nature."
 humor
 ethnicity)
 the flux differencing theory is extended
 an effective multi-individual-based mutation operator is designed to guide the evolution toward the good direction. The performance of MOEA-SA is validated on several real Facebook attributed graphs and several ego-networks with multiattribute. Two measurements
 and the United States
 network research design considerations
 LLC."
 a US state that has courted the unmanned aircraft industry in a bid for economic diversification
 and citizenship among the different participants in the show
 Springer Science+Business Media
 this study focuses on the problem of the existence of different user types in online communities and development of different strategies for their motivation
 using population-level birth record data from the state of New Jersey in the U.S. (1999–2012; n = 64
 which we call uniform multilingualism. In this model
 and Unified Average Changing Intensity (UACI) will be used to assess the grayscale image encryption efficiency and compare the encrypted image with the original image to evaluate the performance of the proposed encryption technique. {\textcopyright} 2017"
 and (ii) the existence of asymptotically-optimal construction algorithms for repetition-aware self-indexes based on these compression techniques. We finally describe an implementation of our solutions and present extensive experiments on highly repetitive datasets. Our algorithms use a working space as small as 1{\%} of the dataset size and are two to three orders of magnitude more space-efficient (albeit slower) than existing solutions based
 utilizing the fact that the salient objects are generally clustered and scene-centric. The salient region is further refined by making use of the proximity of the pixels to the centers of gravity in the image feature map. Extensive simulations are conducted in order to evaluate the performance of the proposed saliency detection scheme by applying it to the natural images from several datasets. Experimental results show that the proposed method provides values of precision
 Direct Reply + Star
 though. In this study
 consciously engage in ASM as part of their livelihood provisioning
 we address this unresolved democratic dilemma for the first time in a context of direct democracy
 the authors illustrate the utility of narrative-network analysis in explaining the complex and multiple motivations behind participation. Narrativity and the shared act of narration
 SMS messaging
 belief structures are transformed to belief intervals on singleton subsets
 from jurists to site administrators. It focuses first on particular websites' endorsement of certain emoticons as Islamic (a smiley face with a hijab
 examples of practical implications for classroom teachers across the disciplines
 we train a variety of recurrent neural networks and non-linear autoregressive models to predict QoE using several recently developed subjective QoE databases. These models combine multiple
 and the performances of BERs and PSRs of BPSK modulation with a channel code rate of 1/3 are better than that of QPSK modulation with a channel code rate of 1/3. As the length of the OVSF codes increases
 Springer Science+Business Media
 we present four diverse case studies where ViLLE was utilized successfully: programming education
 (2) demonstrate
 and which focuses on the place of details relating to women's bodies and desires within literary and cultural discourses. In the course of her career
 whereas improvements of the female ratio in the legislative branch and the labor force contribute to controlling corruption. These results are basically robust for the two estimation methods and for the two subsamples of developed and developing countries. As a result
 this article discusses three sets of explanatory observations: (a) that the Kurdi photographs had important aesthetic and inter-iconic qualities
 the performance of RNC-based STC scheme is evaluated through both link-level and system-level simulations. The simulation results show that RNC can provide extra diversity gain
 part of Springer Nature."
 LLC
 switching cost and throughput. In addition
 reflecting an increasing polarization in affluent and economically deprived urban districts. The contrasting pattern at the two spatial scales results in a complex social geography with class diversification and moderate changes over time in the economic spatial divide between urban and neighbouring rural areas. These findings contribute to design scale-dependent policies reducing social inequalities and improving quality of life in urban areas. Future paths for socio-spatial processes were delineated for sprawling metropolitan regions under economic expansion and discussed in the light of future demographic trends in both developed and emerging countries. {\textcopyright} 2017
 LLC
 part of Springer Nature."
 which is then pre-pruned by calculating the pair-wise diversity measure of each base ELM. Second
 this article addresses the unexplored role of consumer press in defining “gamers” as male. A detailed content analysis of Nintendo Power issues published from 1994 to 1999 shows that mainstream companies largely ignored the girls' games movement
 this study followed an ethnically and socioeconomically diverse sample of 98 adolescent romantic couples twice weekly for 12 weeks (n = 196 individuals; Mage = 16.74 years
 and how to distribute the incoming requests to private and/or public clouds; and (2) from the public cloud provider's perspective
 and reflective functioning. No significant differences in attachment classification or Developmental Perspective emerged; however
 the range-angle pencil-beampattern is obtained and its side-lobes in range-angle domains can be further lowered down. Numerical simulation examples are provided to verify the effectiveness of the proposed approach. {\textcopyright} 2017
 the secondary users
 we propose concise satisfaction and interest injection (CSII)
 participation in and observation of staff professional development activities and interviews with 102 VET staff in Australia. It uses positioning theory as a conceptual framework to examine how VET teachers position themselves and their professional development needs in response to international students. The results call for a critical need to re-examine the focus of the current professional development programs offered for VET teachers. The current context requires teacher professional development in international VET to focus on developing teachers' capabilities to re-examine their pedagogical beliefs and practices and to understand international students' various needs and cultural backgrounds. The study also stresses the importance of ongoing professional learning to equip teachers with the skills and knowledge to appropriate their pedagogical practices in response to the critical need to prepare all students for the intercultural labour market and to use students' diversity as a resource for teaching and learning. {\textcopyright} 2017
 on the other hand cooperating with rotational direction method to enhance the local search capability. In addition
 I compare the narratives of two generations of migrant mothers and their daily mothering of their left-behind children
 all essentializing distinctions between the colonizer and the colonized
 math club
 and teacher support was negatively associated with bully victimisation (p {\textless} 0.01)
 but there was no difference for boys. Though the results for boys were mixed
 due to irregular-shaped multi-tier heterogeneous network topologies introduced by a diverse set of small cells. In order to find an efficient way of calculating the cell residence time for 5G heterogeneous networks
 content of courses
 we propose an ensemble learning framework that utilizes a modified Weighted K-Nearest Neighbors (WKNN) as the basic learning algorithm. Two different types of features are considered and extracted from training data
 a 12-session MBI created specifically for preschoolers. We used a randomized controlled design in a sample of 27 (intervention n = 12) preschoolers (3–5 years old). The evaluation included indirect measures of EF skills completed by teachers who were blinded to the experimental condition of the students. Additionally
 we move beyond contagion inspired approaches to examine how people construct a false narrative. We apply prior work in cognitive science on narrative understanding to illustrate how the narrative changes over time and in response to social dynamics
 while the impacts of social disparities remain constant over time. Our discussion addresses how characteristics of social backgrounds are salient in harnessing types of Internet use that may be a critical tipping point for information diversity. We argue that policymakers will be better served by understanding the constraint of actual use that is to be in par with the continuous explosion of technological supply. {\textcopyright} 2015
cited By 0
 left unchecked
"Aksentijevic
 is used to talk about diverse topics
 we consider the interrelation of visual and textual information
 we identify a set of over 400
 a comparison is made among the candidates over the type of sentiment. Also
"Rogers
 which serves to reinforce the scenario of a culture mix that will destroy British ""home"" culture. Media coverage of immigration partly supports such vilification of multilingualism and multiculturalism
 they must be resolved on the client-side. Especially in live scenarios
 N and Crabtree
 stories and the relations between them. In order to leverage such lenses we propose a new corpus that offers a diverse set of annotations over texts collected from multiple media sources. We also showcase the framework used for creating the corpus
 aiming at increased richness and flexibility
 about 800 victims of witchcraft-accusations live in nine sanctuaries for witchhunt-victims to dodge further accusations and lynching. While diverse in character
 we propose a user-centric companion screen architecture (CSA) that can tune to a specified TV channel and launch broadcast-related TV applications from mobile and Internet of Things (IoT)-enabled devices. We confirmed the general versatility of this CSA by prototyping multiple use cases involving various broadcasters and by evaluating broadcast accessibility from mobile devices via user tests. The obtained results showed that 86{\%} of the examinees expressed improved user satisfaction and that 78{\%} the examinees reported a potential increase in the number of broadcasts they would watch. Thus
 participants opted to: a) expand upon and provide specifics about their engineering identity; b) expressed their affiliation with an institution or company; c) expressed personal aspects of their identity such as family or hobbies; d) expressed support for someone they knew who was an engineer; e) expressed solidarity with other social causes related to diversity; and f) expressed enthusiasm for or mentioned the campaign humorously. This study highlights the inherent complexity of identify that arises when people self-express themselves. {\textcopyright} 2018 Association for Computing Machinery."
 they emerged through our triangulation of posts
 progress the decrypted value
 which is called iARTour (Informative Augmented Reality Tour)
 D and Iggena
 especially for large scale deployments. Prior art proposes resource allocation based on analytical models that minimize the costs of cloud deployments under a quality of service (QoS) constraint. However
 a page-type aware TLC SSD design
 Emerald Publishing Limited."
 direct investment in local media and training of journalists. Building on previous exploratory studies by the authors
 ranging from embedded devices in planes and cars
 and native applications on both major mobile operating systems. We use MicroMobile to demonstrate how researchers can use mobile advertising to recruit users
cited By 0
 Libertarian
 namely
 and semantically complex multi-labels
 some relations are much more complicated than pairwise relations
 we analysed six different variants of the Susceptible-Infected (SI) epidemic spreading model to evaluate the effect of reciprocity. By analysing three different directed networks on different network metrics using these variants
 is able to discover an aggregated deep representation
 but also to positively surprise the user
 or through social-media campaigns. Supporter groups such as PSIM's Brajamusti are linked to the cultural and political realities of everyday life in Yogyakarta. While the Surabaya-based Bonek are engaged in an ongoing struggle against FIFA and Indonesia's football federation. The Solo-based Pasoepati are a more recent fan group who have supported several Solo-based teams. This article draws on field work carried out between August and December 2014. The article explores how the different fan groups interact with each other with their city and how they imagine an improved ‘soccer-scape' in Indonesia. {\textcopyright} 2017 Informa UK Limited
 and study its integration for organizational purposes. Furthermore
 networks and knowledge about audiences
 the study found that this positive relationship is mediated by the distance between the sharers and originators of the messages and suppressed by the number of connections among the sharers. Overall
 Too
 summarizing complex social analytics data into human portrayals that are easy to understand by end users in real organizations. {\textcopyright} First Monday."
 metonymic language and limited leveraging of context as we show in our analysis. Results to date
 higher centrality in the health aid network is associated with better child survival rates in a sample of 110 low and middle income countries. {\textcopyright} 2018 Elsevier Ltd"
 particularly in ethnically diverse classrooms. {\textcopyright} 2017
 adaptively follows the pattern of the best performing heuristics at different areas of the objective space and offers better performance in terms of both convergence and diversity than its competitors. The proposed Meta-Lamarckian based MOEA does not utilize any problem-specific heuristics
 and the analytical results are more accurate and unbiased than the human perspective. Our approach establishes similar results compared with the benchmark analysis available in Tagore's Bengali literature. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 we present a mathematical formula to calculate contrast using an adaptive amplification constant. Our approach uses both the local and global entropy information. We have experimented our algorithm on images from Crowd Counting UCF dataset
 more than half of respondents reported that they consider applicants' demonstrated interest in attending their institution when making a recommendation
 Springer Science+Business Media
 the paper shows that the distance measure can be used for classifying metamorphic malware via K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) method. The method is evaluated by four metamorphic malware families. The results demonstrate that the measure can indicate the degree of metamorphism efficiently
 network neighbors experience different externalities from hubs depending on their own formal role in projects. We use insights from our fieldwork in the French television game show industry to illustrate the mechanisms at play
 and pre- and post-SA interviews
cited By 0
 LLC."
 mundane and fragile formation of what I refer to as ‘situated' digital infrastructures for cultural production. While pirate-based media production can push creators to search for and develop alternative infrastructures
 articles and scientific papers
 and many things around us are connected to the internet
 cultural and political support when living overseas. {\textcopyright} 2018 Elsevier Ltd"
 which is very important in metamodel-based engineering design problems. {\textcopyright} 2017
 understanding the meaning and nature of interpretation
 shared
 and social network analysis. In this article we study a variation of the graph bipartitioning problem in which
 a selection or transition is more likely to have “tendentiousness”. Thus in this paper
 which cover large surfaces and have a very large membership
 we claim that the vulnerability of using an RNG deeply influences the security and privacy level of the RFID system. To the best of our knowledge
 exposure to a Black human character fighting non-humans reduces prejudice toward African Americans
 burial customs and social identity in an early-modern Swedish town. {\textcopyright} 2017
 the article offers a program portrait for those who would like to replicate this home grown program. {\textcopyright} 2018
 and thus generation can be done in polynomial time. {\textcopyright} 2018
 which
 inquiry groups
 trade publications (for businesses)
 RSUs can only selectively cache content replicas. The edge caching scheme in RSUs
 each user requests a single file from the database to be served at a different distortion level. Our goal in this paper is to characterize the minimum delivery rate the server needs to transmit over an error-free shared link to satisfy all possible demand combinations at the requested distortion levels
 a restart strategy based on mutation operators is proposed to improve the search performance and diversification. The evaluation on 30 diverse real-world instances shows that the proposed CHSA performs better compared to cooperative homogeneous SA and heterogeneous SA with no cooperation. In addition
 LLC
 although the average fade duration deteriorates
 according to their particular purposes and views of what is to be measured. This paper presents results from a research report of a qualitative study that analyzed 35 papers on cultural indicators found via Internet
 a few years back the author and researcher joined to suggest open and connected activities
 published by Sciendo."
 videos and music)
 they have seen increased opportunism by legal academics toward aspiring students eager for a chance at professional upward mobility. This shift has manifested in the increased recruitment of working-class students into low-value law schools struggling to fill their seats after the global economic downturn. As legal education grew more accessible to the working class
 this article argues for more proactive inclusion of the diversity in selection of picturebooks. {\textcopyright} 2016
 participants identified five key factors that may increase their interest in applying to MFT master's programs: application requirements
 we highlight the need to further investigate the role of others in the search for self-forgiveness and ultimately
 and fast matching procedure. The core of our scheme essentially pivots around the use of cryptographic hash functions which provide the adequate levels of security in the framework. Prior to the hashing stage
 LLC
 work environments and settings
 Transmission Error and Angular sampled Acceleration) represents potential sources of relevant information in fault detection and diagnosis systems. These complementary measurements of existing signals or new relevant signals allow the construction of Feature Vector (FV) offering robust and effective classification methods even for different or non-stationary running speed conditions. In this paper
 the student attitudes towards national and European cinema are more positive. However
 MODE and NSGA-II
 the proposed scheme is compared to its counterparts and is shown to provide a better BER performance at a much lower complexity. Furthermore
 East or Southeast Asian
 2011b)
 but not novice designers. For experienced designers
 framed by critical race theory
 and their implications for policy debates. It shows how diverse
 namely
” or “libertarian-socialist”). Anarchist identity is diverse
 it becomes useful to explore the interconnectedness multiliteracies and scientific practices and the resulting implications for scientific literacy. The case study included a fifth grade classroom
 pre-service teachers recognised visible group difference that was accommodated or sustained and driven by the need to comply with curricula. At the most sensitive end of the scale
 mobile phone has the potential to reduce vulnerability and improve upon people's livelihood outcomes. There is therefore the need to make mobile phones more affordable
 or low-income marginalized neighborhoods. The intervention began in 2008 and aimed to expel drug traffickers who had controlled these areas since the 1970s and install permanent policing precincts. While many studies suggest that the urban poor tend to reject aggressive policing practices
 Liver
 on diversity awareness and legislative reform relating to sexuality
 with the increase of the iteration number
 collective and disclosed) and confirmed that sketching is an important facilitator of mutual appropriation
 the transmission power allocation problem is formulated as a coordinated beamforming problem
 experiences with treatment
 we propose information based clustering to cluster the building blocks. Trees are then represented in terms of the active occurrence of building block clusters and schema instances are characterized by an instantiation function over this representation. Finally
 and video recordings
 MIM operator allows essentially maintaining and enhancing the reciprocal equilibrium of diversification and intensification abilities of the proposed EOP-DHS algorithm. Conducted numerical experimentations on 188 benchmarking instances validate the proposal comparatively to a representative set of previously deployed metaheuristic approaches to FJSSP with Makespan criterion. Furthermore
 and Psychoeducation) in early treatment significantly predicted subsequent parent homework planning (sharing perspective on homework planning). However
 the performance of steganalysis will be improved. Experimental results of the proposed method on Breaking Out Steganography System (BOSS) benchmark proves the superiority of the proposed method compared to the similar approaches in image steganalysis in terms of detection of stego-image
 is designed to account for the high diversity both among the South African society and in terms of settlement patterns. Besides OpenStreetMap (OSM) as its main data source
 African American
 Scholastic Canada
 and to help students recognize STEM as relevant to their daily lives and broader societal issues. The human-centered focus of the curriculum encouraged thinking from multiple perspectives (e.g. design
 much of the documentation and most digital recordings of artworks currently available on the Internet lack an archaeological context. Equally
 precedent or statute-based arguments
 both in rock shelters and open-air sites
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 the capacities of both national and supranational public actors to manage the developmental problems in Europe are inadequate. Weak EU capacities to get in sync the requirements of deepening economic integration and to manage its developmental consequences
 as participation helps students practice their English skills and provides them with opportunities to develop disciplinary knowledge while debating on a specific topic. In brief
cited By 0
 the existing inter-view
 be consistent with the dynamic situation in the field of cloud computing. One of the newest bio-inspired meta-heuristic algorithms is the chicken swarm optimization (CSO) algorithm. This algorithm is inspired by the hierarchical behavior of chickens in a swarm for finding food. The diverse movements of the chickens create a balance between the local and the global search for finding the optimal solution. Raven roosting optimization (RRO) algorithm is inspired by the social behavior of raven and the information flow between the members of the population with the goal of finding food. The advantage of this algorithm lies in using the individual perception mechanism in the process of searching the problem space. In the current work
 Haq effortlessly moves from a Bangladeshi man ""swimming in a lungi/abbreviated into a G-string"" to a list of similar garments used by men of other nations and given other names. Finally
 although they sometimes used different writing strategies. These findings indicated that literacy-enriched centres can provide linguistically diverse students with meaningful opportunities to practice writing. {\textcopyright} 2016
 {\textcopyright} 2018 Lokniti
"Bradshaw
 time and support in practice brings difficulties to their DJ learning. Suggestions for an interdisciplinary approach to journalism education were also collected through interviews
 verification (cross-checking)
 extending the data services with the SDN paradigm. SDDS consists of two aspects. First
 Rec Room
 cubemap projection (CMP)
 how women tend to have a qualitatively different approach to technological practice as compared to their male peers and the subtle ways in which this runs counter to normative maker values. I suggest that minimising the identity-centric approach of the maker movement may help to ameliorate these barriers
 etc. Additionally
 by meeting a diverse range of networking and computing requirements. Network slicing
 2) 59 official Google Android versions
 African Americans reported significantly higher number of weak ties
 break privacy preferences
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 the network can be modeled as a multi-valued network where each node has d (d = 1) numerical attributes (i.e.
 but other policies have little impact on the nature of demand. In interaction with multiple
 radio
 image
"Kagan
 and emphasizes that different elements and media should be adopted in the creation of ancient towns‟ tourism image. {\textcopyright} 2018 Association for Computing Machinery."
 both bonding and maintained social capital mediate the relationship between WeChat use and these two well-being outcomes. Research limitations/implications: Theoretically
 and what can this teach us about religious activism in the United States today? Using key websites
 this article provides a more diffuse interpretation
 problems in product pricing and distribution strategy as well as the relationship with other parties. This research tried to formulate the marketing strategy through a combination of 9Ps of marketing mix and Porter's five forces. The 9Ps of marketing mix consists of nine variables
 applied mechanisms and network topology. In this article
 its current network structure and the presence of diverse interests and issues amongst the nearly one million accounts within this community. Its findings also constitute important background information for future Twitter research that takes the familiar hashtag studies route: its observations enable such studies to filter their datasets for confirmed Norwegian accounts only
 it has led to phenomena like media bias
 news observations
 and producing diverse and contradictory discourses and responses. The labels “migrant” and “refugee” are frequently distinguished and conflated in traditional as well as social media when describing the same groups of people. In this paper
 transnational
 we adopt the composite metric KDT (where K is the average anonymity set size
 journalism appears to be gender neutral. Instead of theoretically keeping journalism and gender apart
 running on a hugely diverse set of devices
 this paper mainly discusses the problem of predicting user behavior in a social network
 personal identity and social relationship
 which could lead them to more diverse content and perspectives. This study examines the relationship between political interest as well as media diversity and being caught in an echo chamber (measured by five different variables). Using a nationally representative survey of adult internet users in the United Kingdom (N = 2000)
 functioning as a form of “everyday activism.” Both accounts are concerned with questioning intersectionality and diversity in visual cultural representation. Although they are grounded in a Western Anglophone context
 thematic analysis
 I propose to conceptualize media sociology as a networked transfield driven by questions transcending disciplinary little boxes. Rather than returning to the Lazarsfeldian media effect paradigm
 expressed in both overt hate speech and political activities and in covert cultural nationalism. This article focuses on the latter
 affect
 the festival participates in the process of shaping and marketing a Latino identity for many of its films–films that do not necessarily use this label outside the context of the festival. In this sense
 rooted in modernist grand narratives of community and progress
 regardless of standard/grade level
 {\textcopyright} 2018 The Journal of Legal Pluralism and Unofficial Law."
 weakening of the Polish currency
 nationalism
 showing their concomitances and divergences. {\textcopyright} 2018
 which sometimes creates an equivalence between the attainment of personal maturity and the adoption of what the authors describe as Western values. Through a comparative reading of the memoirs
 but by politics or disinformation to denigrate and cause emotional harm. {\textcopyright} 2018 IEEE."
027); the extent to which Oscar-shortlisted nonfiction feature films reflect social issues; and contemporary audience distribution availability. Over 10 years
 but the strategy is in constant revision. La asamblea vecinal de una ciudad mediana de la Provincia de Buenos Aires
 and for a more diversified and representative media. By looking at case studies of leadership insurgency in parties and the impact of new media in creating the discursive conditions for their emergence
 probabilistic data structures (PDS) are suitable for large-scale data processing
 our model successfully captures the opinion dynamics under the concomitant influence of majority and expert. We validate the efficacy of our model in capturing opinion dynamics in a real world scenario using the opinion evolution traces collected from a widely used online social network (OSN) platform. Moreover
 one is approximately entropy conservative
 to evaluate the quality of the discovered clusters. The results show that temporal-geo-social clusters have special properties and cannot be found by applying simple spatial clustering approaches and other alternatives. {\textcopyright} 1989-2012 IEEE."
 an alternative strategy to calculating the orientation polarity and polarity intensity in one step instead of the two steps method used in the hybrid approach is explored. The analysis of the yielded mixed results achieved with this alternative approach shows its potential as an aid in the computation of semantic orientations and produced some lessons learnt in developing a more effective mechanism to calculating the orientation polarity and polarity intensity. {\textcopyright} 2017
 both on a theoretical and on an empirical level. Second
 and restricted—based on individuals' social network measures. Multinomial logistic analyses revealed that older people situated in an area with a deeply rooted family culture or a more advanced economy tend to be less likely to enroll in a diverse network than a family-focused one. This prevents them from achieving the best adaptive survival
 and social networks. Additionally
 through the deep analysis and modeling of the dataset of floating cars and combining with the official data
 and the opposition media replicate its exclusion of nonelite actors. The Maranh{\~{a}}o experience confirms that normative approaches to the media either as automatic contributors to democracy or as instruments of elite manipulation have little value for understanding media dynamics. Liberdade de express{\~{a}}o
cited By 0
 and Uruguay but is perhaps more articulate and systematic. It is instructive in that it builds on well-established public policy themes of the containment of monopoly power
 and meantime it has a negligible impact on encoding performance. {\textcopyright} 2017
 child's healthy development and diversity of experiences. Quantitative analyses evidenced that more parents of boys were concerned about the health implications of their children's digital media use and this was a concern especially for parents of the youngest (0–2-year-old) children. More parents of 6–8-year olds cited the appeal of technology as the main reason for the perceived imbalance in their children's engagement with digital media. The study provides a more secure understanding of the factors that influence parental perceptions of their children's digital media use at home
 images
 diacritization
 this effect is clearest when these two factors are integrated together
 green chrominance channel ($\alpha$) and the yellow-blue chrominance channel ($\beta$). In order to avoid over saturation and annoying artifacts
 indigenous communication transforms media practices in order to decolonize relations among humans
 individual to collective
 Intuitionistic Fuzzy Soft Set (IFSS) which reduces uncertainty related to the mobile node and offers energy efficient route. The proposed protocol is simulated using the NS-2 simulator. The performance of the proposed protocol is compared with the existing routing protocols
 and Yon and Yons' schemes. Biometric information and a random one-time password were then utilized to design a robust protocol for systems with highly dynamic users. The proposed scheme not only resists all currently known attacks
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
cited By 1
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 gay
 the caching strategy may cache different content in nearby base stations (BSs) to maximize the cache hit ratio
 or both. It is now assumed that neotaphonomic referentials are essential to contribute to characterising the accumulators of fossil assemblages. However
 its association with academic engagement
 which are often involved and hard to obtain real-time performance. Recently
 and 14{\%} another race or families members differed in race) of mothers
 its position among complex dramas and edgy sitcoms—I will also trace the ways in which Fuller House engages in postfeminist discourse and raises pertinent questions about family values
 activity
 education opportunity
 we formulate the problem of person re-identification as a deep multi-instance learning (DMIL) task. More specifically
 Springer Science+Business Media
 yet they are not effective in assessing the degree of within-group homogeneity and between-group heterogeneity. This study proposes to cluster three different (but related) methods to measure diversity in higher education
 Africa
 the probability of forced termination
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 it adopts a two-phase selection process to select participants who not only meet the basic requirements but also are willing to accept the task. Specifically
 and transgender and gender non-binary individuals across sexual orientations (Study 3) regarding different formats of gender questionnaires. Studies 2 and 3 showed a strong overall preference for the non-binary formats. Across all three studies
 and that of weighting under both methodologies. For differences and averages of these poverty measures JRR method is applied to compute variance and three separate components of the design effect—effect of clustering and stratification
 feminist and psychoanalyst Luce Irigary's cosmopolitan pedagogy of difference rooted in the concept of hospitality from the point of view of education
 p =.000; Cohen's d = −.83 and −.90
 lossless video data coding
 and feedback overhead. In those distributed schemes
 a particle filter (PF) method is thus employed and then the particles can be distributed in all manifold models at each time step. In addition
 the dynamic channel model has not yet been thoroughly investigated for on-demand wireless data broadcasts. Accordingly
 in the case of the American classroom
 modified absorption coefficient
cited By 0
 we construct a training dataset of multi-exposure image pairs by performing a series of non-linear adjustments in the traditional datasets of optical flow estimation. Our multi-exposure flow networks (MEFNet) model consists of three main components: low-level feature network
 the unmanned aerial vehicles in the SAGIN system can operate in swarm mode to achieve system diversity in order to alleviate turbulence-induced fading. However
 low latency
 extensive simulations help analyzing the efficiency of TASR
 putting into question its status as a coherent political trend. This paper develops a typology of different ideological forms of remunicipalization
 especially among Republicans
 image sharpness and information content
 to design the network several technical and operational specifications were formulated
 a hybrid model which combine Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (GBDT) with Linear Regression (LR) (GBDT + LR) is employed to reduce the traditional cost of feature learning for discussion threads classification manually. Experiments are carried out on the datasets contributed by Coursera with nearly 100
 the main contribution of this paper is the design
 which impedes the performance enhancement. Fortunately
cited By 2
 roles
 objects and places appear to be real and can be interacted with. The overall environment can be seen as the future which virtual/augmented reality will develop towards and this paper explores the ideas and techniques it inspires. The paper examines the connection of the concept to Science Fiction Prototyping
 and that tweets containing these domains are retweeted more than those containing domains of reputable sources. On the user side
 political apathy
 had no qualms about discussing impact with colleagues
 defacing and scribbling on physical newspapers
 and are not
 and subsequent verification strategies applied
 little is understood of how these theories are formed
 and activists for cross-disciplinary community-building
 which is conducive to the inheritance of the Mongolian national culture and the fusion of diversification. The development of the system is finished by three graduates one major in software engineering and the other two major in computer science and technology within three weeks. Frequent communications and rapid iterations can avoid the lag in engineering progress
 we suggest how these approaches and benefits can translate to HCI events extending beyond CHI
"Niu
 the limitations of LSB-based watermarking techniques are highlighted and an improvement is proposed with the help of intermediate significant bit (ISB) substitution. The improvement of the proposed technique is implemented and tested using the standard performance measures with the help of a number of test images under normal situation and also in presence of noises
 with a special focus on global consensus making in such networks. We impose a new rule of pair-wise interactions under inter-layer interplay termed as compromise following which two interacting nodes have a tendency to make a fair compromise in both senses of inter-and intra-layer interplay. It is found that in a duplex network composed of two identical layers
 coverage
 objective data such as governmental and statistical data
 and to secure reliable funding for this emerging genre. As a genuinely transnational professional movement which includes practitioners from multiple journalistic cultures as well as other fields
 spaces
 I discuss why and how gendering media policy research can be seen as both a way to enrich our understanding of media operations in knowledge societies
 Canada
 evidenced by the creative
 LLC."
 struggles
 motards connect diverse urban landscapes and social networks while transporting people
 drawing on official documents of curling associations and media coverage of the sport. At the same time
 and (2) That transgressive bodies are not sacred parts of the divine gender plan. Conclusion: Trans theology allowed the authors to disrupt both of the theological claims advanced by the Catholic educators quoted in the Wilson case. This created rich
 during and after the visit
 the writer argues that the MENA's youth
 4) the portrayals of men are more diverse. These changes demonstrate men to be ‘softer'
 registered sex offenders report experiences with social stigmatization and physical isolation from their communities as a result of their labeled status. This leads them to be distrustful of outsiders; researchers included. This paper examines the experiences of researchers who have conducted three quantitative and qualitative research projects focused on registered sex offenders and life on the registry. In addition to highlighting the challenges in conducting this type of research
 the Transvaal
 and an online game—or undergraduate students' academic majors are associated with variations in indicators of global empathy. Statistically significant variations in survey data were found only among students majoring in psychology and in responses to two survey questions. Two behavioral measures did not reveal any statistically significant variation. A larger sample
 we have come to learn that prominent social media sites are also sites for marketing and favorable presentations. Given the diversity of content that may flow through a government social media channel
 we find no such positive indirect effects for those with politically diverse networks or for younger people. Implications for reconceptualizing the relationship between perceptions of social media and political participation are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2018
 diverse and closeness. These approaches fully preserve the media information of the scrambled image and make sure it is able to be restored. The results show the proposed privacy persevering approaches are effective and have outstanding performance in media privacy preservation. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2018
 for instance
 his presentation of himself as both a global leader and a commoner who can identify with Indians of all castes and classes
 followed by Twitter and Facebook mentions. Thereby variations considering the aggregators could be observed. Intra-correlations between the metrics across one aggregator have been calculated
 an approach notably absent from this list is the use of big data and data mining information produced via the dispersion of the Internet and social media. Using social big data
 including about the uses of Twitter
 what kind of foods they are eating
 diversification on and beyond the farm
 k) - anonymity can be achieved in social networks. First
 source port threat
 have two major limitations. First
 Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany
 which is asymptotically optimal. In addition
 promoted by ISTAT to implement the BES framework at cities level. In a first step of the analysis
 and the key is used for position scrambling and the XOR operation of the high 4-bit matrix. Finally
 visual quality and security. We have analyzed our stego images through RS analysis
 at high levels of narcissism those with high levels of multitasking reported increased positive affect when compared to those with low levels of multitasking. Our findings suggest that intense digital media use may be problematic for some youth's psychological well-being
 and identitarian challenges
 we improved the dictionary based on the results of the hypothesis test and examined the relationship of the readability of learned word vectors and the task accuracy of Twitter sentiment analysis using the diverse and large-scale benchmark. We also conducted a word similarity task using the Wikipedia corpus to test the domain-independence of the method. We found the expandability results of the method are better than or comparable to the performance of the paragraph vector. Also
 in the context of contemporary China? Second
 the proposed method successfully produces better images with more uniform illumination and better contrast than the state-of-the-art methods. This claim is supported by quantitative analysis that shows that the proposed method produces the best average measure of enhancement
 to ensure entropic convergence. Extensive numerical tests are performed. Compare with the earlier work of Qiu and Shu which focuses on 1D scalar problems
 i.e.
 rumors received from people with closer social ties were more likely to be believed as true. Third
cited By 5
 Number of Pixel Changing Rate (NPCR)
 and used as a building block of a semi-implicit Runge–Kutta scheme which guarantees third-order of accuracy in time (Nikitin in Int J Numer Methods Fluids 51:221–233
 each with careful awareness of its strengths and limitations. {\textcopyright} 2018
 and civil society
 we first introduce a circular recording queue to online perceive time slot occupying status. We then design a distributed time slot sharing (DTSS) algorithm and random index first fit (RIFF) algorithm
 and resulting in no determinate subject)
 we need to design and adopt some new tools and models to analysis the online opinion. In this paper
cited By 0
 (3) presenting Russia's economy as strong due to natural resources and (4) framing the United States negatively by calling for strategies to counter Western economic sanctions. Strategic and policy implications are discussed at length. {\textcopyright} 2018
 we present data on attitudes towards diversity from low income
 and ISRO Metadata Content Standard (NSDI 2.0) is used to validate the proposed framework. The observations show that the Information Gain (Entropy) of the proposed model along with the algorithm proves to be computationally smart for quantification purposes and visualises the strength of Metadata Elements for all applications. A prototype tool
 S and Şerban
cited By 0
 the secular foundation of its organically evolving constitution
"Arsan
 as long as the size of the subset is not above the security level. The question of whether superposition (source separation) coding is optimal for such an AMDCS with threshold perfect secrecy is answered. A class of secure AMDCS (S-AMDCS) with an arbitrary number of encoders is solved
 and it represents a unique place to investigate animal perception. Finally
 boys and Christians scored higher on the self-concept scale
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and affective well-being. The study revealed that leisure engagement showed stronger associations with all aspects of well-being than leisure interest per se. More specifically
 production and operations as the main business application domains of NFS during this period. This paper also discusses the impact of NFS in various business domains and the trend of this application based research during this period. This paper also surveys the various innovations in NFS methodologies employed by the researchers to deal with different business problems in each of these years. Moreover the paper includes some articles published during 2016 in several international journals to present the latest progress in the application of NFS in various business domains. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Springer Science+Business Media
 we also optimize spreading factor and modulation order. The simulation results demonstrate significant BER and throughput performance gain as compared to prevailing differential encoding methods. {\textcopyright} 2016
 Springer Science+Business Media
 while the content of the comments includes the concepts (e.g. the characters and the scenes) that interest the audience. In our approach
 (3) extraction and merging of the KSA statements from the job announcements and relevant literature
 education
 issues and challenges
 discourse adjustment
 data were analyzed using paired samples t tests. Results indicated that perceptions of school danger increased significantly and self-esteem decreased significantly in the control schools pretest to posttest. Violent behavior
 rationalist and situational explanations for the use of certain tools
 mothers were instructed to provide secure base support to the distressed child. In the second condition
 their precision must be improved
874 high school students (Male = 50.7{\%}
 was used to gather data from 307 Canadian social workers and social service workers working with youth in Ontario (response rate was 40{\%}
 the most three valuable findings are (1) Web 3.0 technology (W3) of perceived usefulness
 irregular applications common in enterprise settings. The key contribution of our research is to enable runtime specialization on such integrated GPU platforms by matching application characteristics to the underlying heterogeneous resources for both regular and irregular workloads. Our approach enables profile-driven resource management and optimizations for such platforms
 the signals in each group have close DOAs
 thereby
 and exploring the introduction of technologies in providing higher education to massive populations over the past 45 years. In particular
 and socio-economic status groups. The unidirectional effects identified in our study support the general prediction that active engagement in learning at school can serve as a resource for adolescent identity formation
 in many real world applications
 from strong civic participation (in different formal and informal ways) to various forms of passivity. Diversity was also highlighted for personal identity and social identity profiles. Second
 but the problem of inter-cell interference still exists due to reception of signals from two adjacent base stations at same frequency on user equipment
 competence
 this research is the first to provide a comprehensive mathematical model for multi-objective permutation flow-shop inverse scheduling problem (PFISP). In this paper
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 income
 which is a serious planning for the evacuation of a serious challenge. Reasonable and accurate implementation of the emergency evacuation plan is to make the evacuation time at least
 the subject systems were not of wide varieties. Emphasizing these issues (with several others mentioned in the motivation) we have conducted a comprehensive empirical study where we have - (i) implemented and investigated seven existing methodologies that explored different aspects of stability
 which separates the background (BG) and foreground (FG) and locates the body segments to improve the accuracy of feature extracting and matching. The third stage is to perform feature extracting and matching. A Gaussian mixture model is used in the first system
 while using the selective power scaling in combination with quadrature-phase-shift-keying digital modulation technique. The time-selective nature of underlying channel leads to reduction in the diversity gain
 synchronous lessons with a variety of asynchronous self-directed and group learning activities. The participants were 54 Master's students in education. We analyzed the pedagogical design of the course
 Black
 it is drifting away from the Liberal model into a hybrid category of “Polarized Liberal.” Research and meta-journalism from the last decade are reviewed to characterize this hybrid model
 content
 and suggests rethinking the laissez-faire strategy of public actors. {\textcopyright} 2018 Liverpool University Press. All rights reserved."
 an earlier analysis of Thomas of Woodstock
 that allows nodes to wake up and sleep periodically. In this work
 and interactions on social media. In this paper
 and hardware design. {\textcopyright} 2018 IEEE."
 English as a lingua franca in academic settings at the bi- and multilingual University of Fribourg
 and existential intelligences to be critically reflective and empathic practitioners
 neutral. The proposed method is evaluated across different topics and it outperforms in terms of recall
 and (3) Changing social identity and communication conventions. Generational differences manifested in the case of the first and the second dimension
 and build their opinions about politics. The results may help social and political scientist to understand how effectively social media's connectedness can be used for establishment of more diverse and democratic societies in future. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 and function in a census analysis of 85 Disney animated films from the years 1937-2018. Results indicated that single parent families (41.3{\%}) was the most predominantly represented family structure
 find a general bias in that Google News over-represents certain news outlets and under-represents other
 an expansion of the “Like” button
 combinations of work and study
 we propose a monitor-based approach
 and sociotropy
 which is a set of predefined key words that express sentiment. Opinion mining requires proper sentiment words to be extracted in advance and has difficulty classifying sentences that imply an opinion without using any sentiment key words. This paper presents a new sentiment analysis method
 focusing on the kinds of “unthinking remembrance” that our research made visible. We detail how visitor responses activated a series of familiar tropes about past conflict
 such processes are conceptualized as hermetically sealed echo chambers or filter bubbles. But such concepts do not provide us with a coherent analytical framework
 we proposed a node reduction method to prune the graph. To decrease the entropy and reduce the number of alternate paths to the target nodes
 or development of products. The research results offer insights into competitive marketing and product preferences for the consumers of online digital content. We conclude with a discussion of areas for future work. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 we propose to utilize collaborative training method to tackle this problem. We run experiments on two real-world social network datasets
 called the e-business triangle model
 if the source of infection in the SI model is one node and the percentage of infected nodes is the largest
 Y and Zhang
 non-parliamentary groups have more active fans than would result only from their popularity in mainstream media. Finally
 India. India's western-type political system has a distinct media system characterized by high competition
 the Economic Freedom Fighter's Member of Parliament Fana Mokoena
 relying mostly on quantitative data
 consequently
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 one with no record of league titles in 132 years of trying
 we explain how and why the authority of this think tank is being translated to social media. We develop a new
 by attentively attuning to the local coordinated framing
 in order to improve the performance of aesthetic measurement model
"Wiewiura
 we investigated the presence and coverage of different kinds of online metrics
 these data will create a bottleneck at data centers for processing and retrievals of collected data
 the privacy of such user-related information raises serious concerns. Most research on privacy protection relies on specific information security techniques such as anonymization or access control. However
 observations of youth council meetings
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2017."
 which is linked to certain power dynamics and an informal economy of solidarity. Secondly
 we collect about ten million viewing records of the six most popular video CPs through a major Internet service provider (ISP) in Shanghai
 frames and agendas made by various actors over time
 LLC."
 either through changes in the physical relationship between parts (or sub-parts) during use or through structural differentiation. Although functional complexity is difficult to measure
 as mediated images of organized crime may have powerful effects on both the general public and policy-makers. The narrative presented
 networked spaces and cases
 and the bodies of their audience
 we assess the co-evolution of friendship networks
 93{\%} of apples were accurately identified
 the study shows that the stories from the two projects used constructive journalism narratives that cast new light on existing stereotypes and explore new controversies. Such narratives have the potential to create better understanding between the people of China and Africa but there is a need to ensure training of more media personnel to ensure sustainability of the initiatives. {\textcopyright} 2018 Intellect Ltd Article. English language."
 we propose a novel scene-aware deep framework for addressing the challenging multi-label classification task. In particular
 strong plaintext sensitivity
 a sensor node should spend minimum energy and conserve power to increase its life time in the network. The existing media access control (MAC) protocols present in various short and medium range wireless technologies such as 802.11 and 802.15.4 have been designed for specific purposes
 by which we can estimate the optimal probability transition matrix (OTPM) indicating the optimal PEH modification manner. After that
 if the entropy of hacker reduces 1 bit
 in which removal of singularities
 balancedness property
 state-organized political entities. Elements of a progressive democratic theory that travels across borders should be built out of three ideas: (a) a nonutopianism that pays close attention to the “circumstances of politics”; (b) institutions that enable nondomination
 sophisticated bureaucracy
 the intensity of religious belief is found to be the driver of the overall positive association
 (iv) cultural perceptions of the profession and transferability
 namely Lloyd Morgan's emergent evolutionism
 Springer Science+Business Media
 and how this can be connected to longer traditions of debate about the direction and intensity of global media flows. Finally
 Goethe sought in his experiments the interconnection among diverse natural phenomena and rejected the dualistic epistemology about the relation of humans and nature. Based on a close examination of his color theory and its underlying epistemology
 face several unique challenges to practicing breastfeeding while negotiating these factors within two cultural worlds. Grounded in the theory of planned behavior and the ecological perspective
 streaming service providers have to store numerous transcoded versions of a given video to serve various display devices. With the sharp increase in video streaming
000 adults were sampled in three U.S. metropolitan areas: Los Angeles
 many institutions are creating initiatives to develop greater understanding of diversity
 engaging in cunnilingus without protection (64{\%})
 Indonesia risks deregulating the entire market and maintaining the predatory practices of broadcast industry incumbents. {\textcopyright} 2018 Intellect Ltd Article. English language."
 interesting work
 we present a link pattern discovery approach to facilitate entity exploration. Link patterns describe explicit and implicit relationships between entities and can be used to categorize linked entities. On top of link patterns
 while a general
 on the other hand
cited By 0
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 which will damage the quality of the aggregated results. Nonetheless
 (d) multicultural literature
 namely
 and educational research) in four European countries
 we again found support for the main pathways tested in our first study
 First/Native Nations
 with the aid of a computerised qualitative data analysis software package. Member-checking
 an Oldowan site dated at c.1.8–1.7 Ma and located in the Nachukui Formation of West Turkana
 and are fused in a proper way. The proposed model has been extensively evaluated with diverse publicly available datasets which contain several videos of dynamic scenes
cited By 1
 intentional and future-oriented
 the US
 the de-centring of the spectator and the recognition of media and technology as inseparable from sex. We examine the history of Porn Studies in the university
 5.725–5.825 GHz) bands. The bandwidth of the 3-dB axial ratio for the RHCP state is about 120 MHz towards broadside direction for 3.6 GHz WiMAX. {\textcopyright} 2017
 this study provides suggestions to capture the epistemic diversity of scientific disciplines. {\textcopyright} 2018
 I find that through the interplay between their practices in the movement and other aspects of their lives
 Springer Science+Business Media
 LAT relationships are popular in the early phases of the life course
 and a novel multi-objective service composition model based on cost-effective optimization is designed according to the complicated QoS requirements of users. Furthermore
 the philosophical resources out of which studying has been shaped have remained trapped within the western canon. We seek to address these limitations in this article by turning to some literature on affect theory
 nursing homes exhibit varying degrees of autonomy and self-governance. Such relative autonomy
 average
 called the PSO OTL
 educational and institutional contexts observed. In this paper
 we found data availability
 the average solution time of FBPSO is much less than that of other existing algorithms. In particular
 with and without AP selection
 the mechanism fusing MRC and SC methods with the TM can enhance the efficiency and solve the security problem of application layer. Alternatively
 and sociocultural factors. Other sexuality scholars in the field have similarly stressed this perspective
 Marshall (Philos Stud 172:3145–3165
 and procedural framework of commercial arbitration reflects the demands of decision-making exercised in a legally
 even when we find an illegitimacy or an ignorance about what legal rules do not explicitly state but instead implicitly presuppose
 the question remains: Do these differences have implications for behavioral health patterns
 and self-esteem. A sample of 60 women from a nonprofit homeless service center in Boston
 a distance measure that here is Kullback–Leibler divergence is utilized. In this stage
 part of Springer Nature."
 our results confirm that adolescents demonstrate ambivalent feelings toward balancing female employment and motherhood; although paid employment is encouraged
 opportunistic multi-antenna relay selection (OMRS) and average best relay selection (ABRS) are proposed. The closed form expressions of outage probability and error performance for binary phase shift keying (BPSK) modulation of OMRS and ABRS are determined using the moment generating function (MGF) of the total signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) at the destination. Simulations are provided to verify the correctness of theoretical analysis. It is observed that OMRS is outage-optimal among multi-antenna relay selection schemes and approaches the Beamforming (BF) scheme known as theoretical outage-optimal very closely. Compared with previous single-antenna Opportunistic Relaying (OR) scheme
 37{\%} Black
 “here-and-now” creative process. Musical interventions act as catalysts
 with the exception of Parental consistency. Overall
 and suma qama{\~{n}}a (living well) and identifies the indigenous as the main actors in the transformation process
 and retained signal energy. It has been found that the transmitted speech signal is retrieved well under noisy conditions at higher order Daubechies wavelets. From the results it is clear that proposed technique aims at a radio access technology that can provide service performance comparable to that of current fixed Line accesses. To evaluate the performance of the proposed method
 are most popular. Pareto-Based Differential Evolution (PBDE) is one of them. Although the performance of this algorithm is very good
 the paper ends with highlighting directions of future research avenues in the shaft-hole assembly. {\textcopyright} 2017
 by examining a specific state (Uttar Pradesh) as a microcosm to account for the nation's enormous socio-political diversity. Caste-based spatial segregation is greater in small and medium cities compared to metropolises
 both the IT systems and also the working practices employed to complete the day to day tasks essential to meet the needs of a retailer's customers rapidly become unfit for purpose. The case study considered in this paper reviews the requisite practices adopted by a service provider in the business intelligence sector
 and the predictive validity was examined across 3 mathematics outcomes: 2 measures of mathematical problem solving skill (i.e.
 as well as its subjects (Foucault). In other words
 we then design 8 streaming heuristics to partitioning a big graph during the process of loading its data from external disks into memory. Each of these heuristics decides where to assign every vertex in the stream based on the information calculated by one of the above 3 schemes. At last
 young and old. Being one of the most widely spoken languages in the country
 however
 we can considerably enhance network resource utilization to achieve much higher performance in latency. The proposed simultaneous dual-path routing (SDPR) scheme outperformed the conventional dimension order routing (DOR) technique across synthetic workloads by 31{\%}-40{\%} in average latency and up to a 100{\%} improvement in throughput performance running on a 49-core CMP. Our synthesizable model for the SDPR router and network provides accurate power and area reports. According to the synthesis reports
 we find that the allocation of Chinese ODA is driven primarily by foreign policy considerations
 Boko Haram
 figures
 stratified into quantitative (40) and qualitative papers (40) written in English and Persian
 L and Hopps
 observing that owners who face allegations of racial discrimination turn to cultural scripts to make counterclaims to allegations. These scripts present dress codes as colorblind standards that help owners address legitimate business concerns
 this work attempts to summarize and organize in a researcher-friendly tabular manner important or pioneer related research works deriving from diverse computational intelligence domains: Initially
 training dataset selection and personality prediction
 to illustrate the changing perception of homosexuals in China's political and social spheres. It argues that representation of homosexuals in the People's Daily changed gradually from a negative perception to a more positive one with less discrimination and prejudice as shown by the article's quantitative and qualitative results. {\textcopyright} 2018 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 i.e. multiple input multiple output (MIMO) channel between MUs and BS. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 sports
 this paper introduces a word/paragraph embedding method via neural network modelling to generate lower dimensional word/paragraph representation vectors retaining word order and context information and semantic relationships between words/paragraphs. Besides
cited By 1
 and the different mean opinion scores (DMOS) were obtained after data processing. The performance comparison of 17 state-of-the-arts
 and rescue. Online public opinion
 depend heavily on ANP and are highly similar as a result of such dependence. We draw conclusions relating to the gatekeeping role of news agencies in the digital age in general
 efficiency and confidence. Whilst these clich{\'{e}}s were not written out of the media discourse
 we propose: {\textperiodcentered} a multi-player multi-armed bandit (MAB) framework (decentralized restless upper confidence bound (RUCB) algorithm) with a change point detection test based on Page-Hinkley (PH) statistics used to decide whether some change has occurred in the environment. Then
 Naive Bayes method
 Mobile phone and Land phone are the most popular ICT tools that farmers are using and willing to use for the personal and business activities. The most highlighted barrier that discourages farmers using ICT is the fear to embrace new technology due to lack of knowledge. High cost of the equipment
 pictures
cited By 2
 P T and Vishvaksenan
 and automatic linear regression was used to predict students' performance. Results: By using social network analysis
 P{\&}G
 tactilely-interactive piece. Looking forward
cited By 0
 and show that we are able to separate users by ideology with over 90{\%} purity. When applied to media sources
 to test the market segmentation functionalities we need to control the characteristics of the population generating the posts. The OpinionSim simulator here described meets the requirements to support the testing process. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 but we
 Q and Almahdi
 in this paper
 rather than just one; (ii) the use of a byte-friendly strategic mapping from symbols to ANS codeword buckets; and (iii) the use of a context merging process to combine similar probability distributions. Collectively
 and underlying diffusion processes. Finally
 and a large portion consists of the low-quality news
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 as well as the motivations for this behaviour. Our main contribution is the qualitative analysis of these motivations and motivations sourced via two existing studies
 their intention to do so before the election was negatively associated with the diversity of their Facebook audience. This relationship was mediated by their expected degree of social anxiety from ‘Liking' the candidate. A comparison of audience diversity of participants who had ‘Liked' a candidate vs. those who had not ‘Liked' a candidate also showed that increased audience diversity hinders ‘Liking'. This paper contributes to the knowledge of engagement with politicians through social media as well as the study of audience diversity more generally. Implications for managers are provided. {\textcopyright} 2017 Elsevier Ltd"
 direct trust and indirect trust)
 a social image tag enrichment approach is proposed. Considering the diversity of content relevant tags for the image
 public warehouse providers
 not only reflects limited robust mainstream discourses on race but also a failure of education
 a novel topic model for complementary aspect-based opinion mining across asymmetric collections. CAMEL gains information complementarity by modeling both common and specific aspects across collections
 I explore the mechanisms and characteristics of Vu as a micro-celebrity within YouTube as a platform. I suggest the concept of ‘subcultural microcelebrity' to nuance
 wavelet energy (WN)
 reject rigid respectability politics
 and calculates the entropy as features. Then
 where the appearance of advertising on a website is controlled by software rather than human decision-making. On the consumer side
 with a sensitivity of 92.00 ± 3.20{\%}
 and extracted the entropies from the coefficient subbands as the features. Finally
 suggesting that the intervention changed teachers' networks over time. This study shows the potential of network interventions to support teachers' professional development
 we demonstrate that a real-world robot using our proposed utility function is able to successfully create a high-quality map of an indoor office environment. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Akad{\'{e}}miai Kiad{\'{o}}
 between languages
 the correction of fuzzy based pixel intensification is carried out for each channel to remove haze and to enhance visibility and color. The post processing of fuzzy histogram equalization is implemented for red channel alone when the captured image is having highest value of red channel pixel values. The proposed method provides better results in terms maximum entropy and PSNR with minimum MSE with very minimum computational time compared to existing methodologies. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we propose the WLRRS
 especially women relatives and aging parents
 especially in clustering
 graph transformations
 this paper determines an admissible motion of a binaural head which leads
cited By 2
"Pillay
 we present a study to jointly index and visualise large image collections. The work focuses on satisfying three constraints. First
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2016."
 in which students in a media arts class and students with severe disabilities in a life skills special education class created a photographic cookbook. The Cookbook Project illustrates the collaborative planning process for a special education teacher and general education teacher at one high school engaged in service-learning. {\textcopyright} 2018
 mobile system of on-demand viewing on multiple platforms. The ‘nowness' of sport means that it is highly effective in assembling massive
 and kinship. Method: Participant observation of gay fathers groups was conducted in California
 research suggests a paucity of transgender and gender diverse-specific expertise among social workers and other mental health providers; this seems particularly evident with respect to the needs of transgender and gender diverse children. An affirmative practice framework to guide therapeutic work with transgender and gender diverse children and families is presented. In addition
 and the weights that change dynamically according to the activity are calculated
 the communication strategy provides the diversity-enhanced bats to speed up solutions. In the experiment
 which cannot meet the user wide interest. Therefore
 reliability
 ethnic minority Bhutia and Lepcha communities. There are several accounts of contestations of hydropower development projects in India's Eastern Himalayan States – signifying robust and predictable indigenous people-place connections. Why then
 we propose the following research questions: *Are there relevant patterns regarding different dimensions of diversity between unitary and binary HE systems? *In the case of binary systems
 Danish National Surveys on Sports Participation (1964
 an enhanced detection diversity is achieved by considering the decision feedback loops in multiple layers of QR aided SIC algorithm. Furthermore
 more elements of constructivist instruction were found in the classroom lessons of the experienced teachers. It was also found that the classroom practices of the teachers
 which makes it computationally expensive. By generalizing the objective function of the SOLDE to a trace ratio problem
 analyzing the strategies that have been traditionally applied over the years. We focus on sequential learning
 using all different combinations of three objectives
 however
 the Women's March thoughtfully addresses issues of solidarity and intersectionality from a point of transnational resistance and encourages demonstrators to unite in new formations of protest. Tracing the lineage of feminist scholarship from Gloria Anzald{\'{u}}a and Audre Lorde to Leela Fernandes and Sara Ahmed
 we propose a static/opportunistic hybrid scheduling framework that can exploit multi-user diversity and channel fading. The performance evaluation shows that the proposed framework has 33–46 {\%} throughput gain over the prior joint routing and time slot assignment schemes for MIMO WMNs. {\textcopyright} 2016
 high education levels
 Bengali
 anxiety
 statistically significant redescriptions described by Boolean
 as some previous studies suggest
 since it does not take the optimal sum capacity gain into account. This paper proposes a new distributed user selection protocol called DiFuse. To employ the sum capacity gain as the user selection metric in DiFuse
 students' perceptions of the stereotypic expectancies of authority figures (i.e. researchers) mattered more for predicting their math performance than did students' own endorsement of stereotypes. Collectively
 doctors' burden due to hospital work has been also increasing. In the present paper
 amid this raft of complaints and solutions lurks confusion. This paper seeks to explore the neglected question of what the precise nature of the crisis with which we are confronted involves
 most of the significant findings concerned the comparison of Conservatives with Egalitarians in which women were found to be less likely to endorse being Conservative with decisions. Their education
 personnel information
 as such an inspection activity is often performed manually by domain experts. Therefore
 both racial composition and the proportion of sexually active classmates influenced individual attitude change. Although students in classrooms with higher proportions of African American peers demonstrated less attitude change toward sexual delay
 is an appropriate performance metric for the Z-channel. Closed-form expression for the achievable DGR with the interference forwarding by the HD DDF relay is presented. The multiplexing gain regions (MGRs) where the HD DDF protocol achieves better DGR over the direct transmission scheme
 just as Loving v. Virginia (1967) accelerated the delegitimation of racial segregationists. SSM opponents counter with the Court's 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling and argue that
 Midwestern town who completed a 45-min survey encompassing demographic questions and self-report measures of bullying
 ethnic identity
 and deficit views of students. The purpose of this qualitative research was to study two white
 social and health resources associated with these trajectories among low-income predominantly Black and Hispanic mothers over time using three waves of data from the Welfare
 immigration
 describe why it was a model
 known in Mayanist literature as Agent Focus (AF). In a recent paper
 a range of child
 foster proper market discipline
 we describe a library containing interfaces (HCLOOC) that addresses these challenges. It employs optimal software pipelines to overlap data transfers between host CPU and the accelerator and computations on the accelerator. It is designed using the fundamental building blocks
 the increasing prevalence of low reading literacy results in South Africa raised questions about the effectiveness of interventions intended to improve reading results (in: GDE
 several large-scale ontologies including DBpedia
"Yu
 which use topic information and term distribution as a bridge between target tweets and texts from other sources. It could quickly find appropriate in-stances from other sources
 whether male or female role models are presented; while female efficacy in technical abilities changes positively when female role models are presented
 we analyze what students of color on the social media site
 we present a novel system architecture puts the data subject in charge of selectively assigning access rights to resources using a centralized authorization manager. We have also implemented a prototype to show how the proposed subject-centric and privacypreserving data sharing framework works. {\textcopyright} 2018 Association for Computing Machinery."
 toward real individuals' stories of love and families. Nonetheless
 Bots are designed to be a coordinated form of organized cyberattack in which they conduct the synchronized attacks in the form of groups. Thus
 leaving only separate output layers for each set of targets. Previous investigations of this form of ensemble have used cross-entropy training
 as well as Modern Standard Arabic. Our research focused on dialect variability and domain mismatches between the training and test domain. In order to achieve a robust ADI system
 revealing an overall lack of recall
 which presents clustered results to the users instead of a list of all the results and thus
 the objective is to find mutually exclusive set of workers for each task
 and propose an algorithm that recommends candidate friends to a user by determining the similarity of their trajectories. Experiments show that our proposed algorithm can predict the encounter of users quite accurately and it outperforms the conventional algorithms in terms of the precision and consumed time. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 highpriority and low-priority nodes
 as the intensity of high priority traffic increases
"Mullick
 experiments on synthetic graphs data demonstrate that the better privacy capability
 increases reliability but at the expense of increased jitter and bandwidth. A more efficient resource utilization is expected from cognitive radio
cited By 1
 such as average path length
000 followers in Indonesia and abroad
 U M and Paradies
 and party culture. In this study
 political and social terms. Set against such a diverse speech landscape the prohibition of ‘gross offensiveness'
 to consider the context and affordances of multiple platforms
 WeChat use in general
 document analysis
cited By 0
 while more selective visual attention to news on websites leads to learning of specific subjects only. {\textcopyright} 2017 The Author(s). Published by Taylor {\&} Francis."
 social and economic behaviours and make sense of them. I focus on Nigerian urban spaces and analyse the reports to show how the terms have come to mark ways that literal and figurative entropy commingle to reveal the dynamics of power and social relations. {\textcopyright} 2018 Informa UK Limited
 may have the potential to promote multiethnic intergroup relations through forging a sense of neighborhood belonging. Based on survey data consisting of 405 diverse community members
 The Ohio State University."
 newspapers are relying more on diverse sources for world news coverage
 teacher-training programmes
 with different learning needs
 and unlike the somewhat serendipitous circumstances of the South Africa exhibition
 alternative pathways to promotion for faculty while also supporting the institution's mission and goals. For other community colleges looking at faculty promotion and evaluation
 they manifest a keener interest in unpicking the processes by which someone's identity is transmitted; they expose the precariousness and malleability of what is being communicated to posterity. I unpack epitaphic processes of identity construction and their precarities by focusing especially on the plurality of identity narratives that results from competing agencies shaping a person's afterlife. I then pick up on their questioning of the nature of reputation as an afterlife
 321 students aged 15–18 were asked to write down 10 plants native to C{\'{o}}rdoba
 and South Asian descent
 this paper argues that attending to futures allows the complex relationships through which industrial change comes to be rendered present
 and their corresponding tweets and retweets
 and geography. Analysis The hashtag's life on Twitter obscures the two movements' shared challenges: the undeniably neoliberal context consisting of ongoing economic struggles in northern and remote communities
 and thus reduce controversy. Specifically
 mainly through the opposition to various outgroups and through an implicit form of nationalism expressed through the concern of ""sacred objects"" typically perceived to be under threat. {\textcopyright} F{\""{o}}rfattaren och Sveriges Sociologforbund."
 surveilling and targeting flows of information and enacting three populist practices via internet trolling: aggregating the unmet demands of disparate groups
 easy
 S and Keswani
 in turn
 rather than a support of
 have become information management tools that allow users to setup and configure information sources to their particular interests. A Twitter user can handpick the sources he wishes to follow
 activism
 H and Hu
 including e-government
 energy
 that combines the University's existing Learning Management System (LMS) with social media applications
 education
 the collected data were analyzed employing a thematic analytical method. The themes found were: alienation
 the study also investigates the differences in the influence of the investigated constructs and users' various activity levels. Design/methodology/approach - This study utilized the consumption value theory framework for testing the relationship between different measures. An empirical analysis of the consumption values of 577 users in an online social media brand community was accomplished using structural equation modeling. Findings - The study findings revealed that emotional and social values exert partial influence in predicting users' intention to continue using online social media brand communities. In particular
 and share information responsibly
 collaborative and learner-centered higher education platform. {\textcopyright} 2018 TEMPUS Publications."
 like online communities and personal networks
 Brazil. This approach allows us to estimate trajectories examining spatiotemporal positions in tweets
 and those using Twitter hashtags {\#}periodsforPence and {\#}PEEOTUS use bodily fluids and tissues to emphasize resistance to political movements attempting to control and legislate bodies. The protest campaigns show that the grotesque can be an effective tool for opening space
 such as travel routing. We start by presenting a brief review of contextual semantics as nowadays they are considered suitable for most common content analysis problems. Focus is also given within the next survey sections on the impact of context within the social networks and media field that came into sight over the last years. A short
cited By 0
 including disseminating knowledge
 consequently
 we gathered the most extensive dataset of historical open education tweets to date (n = 178
 when generating scenarios. {\textcopyright} 2018 International Joint Conferences on Artificial Intelligence.All right reserved."
 sympathizers
 and to improve the structural quality of existing requirements. Copyright c 2018 by the paper's authors."
 sentiments
 we find some support that network density at the community level is negatively associated with economic prosperity. {\textcopyright} 2017 Elsevier B.V."
 and types of guidance (social ver-sus cognitive) were manipulated in a series of microblogging-supported collab-orative learning tasks to examine to what extent and in which aspects instruc-tional guidance affects the effectiveness and student perception of microblog-ging-supported learning. Background Despite the overwhelming agreement on the importance of instructional guid-ance in microblogging-supported learning environments
 a position detector is designed to predict a word position from which decoding should start given a profile value. Manual and automatic evaluation shows that our model can deliver more coherent
 2003). Bushman et al. (2003) defined transparency as the availability of firm-related information to the public
cited By 0
 and methodological pluralism. These interrelated features articulate the central dimensions of journalism studies
 the issues in SentiStrength are resolved using Natural Language Processing (NLP) technique and Maximum entropy classifier
 from 92 news sources
 the most diverse argumentative microblogs from a large collection of tweets about festivals in different languages. In this paper
 we will briefly open with panelists positions and then devote the majority of the panel duration to audience engagement as active participants in exploring leadership in online communities."
 the mediating effects of task structure are supported. Our research also confirms the moderating effects of team diversity on the relationship between ESM usage and task interdependence. This study not only enriches ESM research by providing task structure as a mediating mechanism but also offers practical suggestions to organizations for realizing the value of ESM by considering team diversity."
 LLC."
 because Ten Years' history of populist activism resembles well-known instances of media mobilization such as the Arab Spring and Black Lives Matter
 it was found that social presence increases both the satisfaction of users and the frequency of past use behavior. Hence
 M.-Y."
 print communications
 and the similar shape and location of several minor clusters. This is a significant result given that the four datasets were largely independent and the two newspapers adopted radically different policies for dealing with karma and foul language. The proposed approach therefore looks very promising as a means of identifying anomalous behaviour on diverse online discussion platforms. {\textcopyright} 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
 demographic information. {\textcopyright} 2018 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved."
 music
 the short text clustering faces the challenge of sparse features
 a process that entails adaptation
 and reach students in an online course that supports both independent and collaborative learning. The authors present a case study of Slack's use in an online second-year environmental politics course taught at a large Canadian public university. There is a significant and growing literature on how to best engage students in online learning
 l-diversity
 converge quickly despite the fact that the number of communities increases rapidly over time. Furthermore
 Facebook
 through integrating smart cities platforms for user level data
 the enhancement of feature space with word embedding based features is proposed to deal with the size limitation issues and the classification success of sentiment analysis is improved by employing classifier ensembles. The contributions of this paper are fivefold. First
 with regard to student-initiated uses of social media
 there is a combination of strong
 and
 resulted in the rapid shrinking
 connection-making and recognising the value. An updated context-based serendipity model was constructed
 58 semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with 37 parents of T1D children and 20 allied health professionals. Data was analysed using Atlas software. Initial coding identified two major themes namely that ICTs are ineffective in facilitate the acquisition of T1D information and not suitable for parents' preferences and culture. Results from this study can help various organisations such as ministries
 while sensitive latent information can still be protected. Even considering powerful adversaries with optimal inference attacks
 shape
 but also alleviates the sparsity of location recommendation based on CF algorithm to some extent. Then we integrate the similarity of user preferences
 socio-cultural and regulatory dynamics of data friction
122 articles obtained from the Scopus database. Twenty topics and their ascending or descending trends are identified. Secondly
 emoticons
 and Turkmenistan). The text corpus comprises 3
 has investigated on these structured datasets using this technique. For this purpose
 movie-cascades over a social network
 the extensive use of the Internet for television services. {\textcopyright} 2018 Transilvanian Association for the Literarure and Culture of Romanian People (ASTRA). All rights reserved."
 etc. Everyone on the Web is allowed to produce and share news which can soon become viral if they follow the new media channels represented by social networks. This freedom in producing and sharing news comes with a counter-effect: the proliferation of fake news. Unfortunately
 despite its merits
"Camposano
 creating a greater sense of belonging and attachment to the university. Implications of social capital for practice and future research are discussed. {\textcopyright} Journal of International Students."
 cropping practices
 institutional calendars
 and the speech authentication is completed. Comparing the experimental results of combining the Teager energy operator (TEO) with the linear predictive coefficients (LPC)
 respectively
 a sensitivity of 92.14 ± 4.39{\%}
 communitarianism
 technologies
 mostly such that are supported by the use of common urban space
 using random graph models incorporating a homophily factor. In these simulations
 than if we dealing with a single unit
 that enables a near-complete location privacy protection for LBS users to achieve an cognitive optimal resolution by employing the social network associated with the LBS to separate the utility and privacy. Evaluation of both simulation and practical smartphone application shows that the proposed methodology could achieve a near-complete privacy protection in terms of entropy and significantly improve the quality of service utility. {\textcopyright} 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
 histograms
 the multilevel image contrast fuzzy enhancement in multimedia network was realized. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm can effectively guarantee the image quality after the contrast enhancement and reduce the computational complexity. {\textcopyright} 2018 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved."
cited By 1
 Montenegro and Turkey. The results show that the most visible attempts of innovation are crowdfunding/crowdsourcing and paywalls
 The Washington Post and USA Today). It is found that dialectical relationship between discourse and culture
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2016."
 ratings
 neologism (word coinage)
 tones represent the self
 we build original formulas to quantity the reform necessity
 including a survey of employment agencies in Manhattan's Chinatown
 ontology is widely adopted
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved."
 advanced formal privacy techniques such as differential privacy and secure multiparty computation are needed to work with organic data in a manner that is ethically and logistically permissible
 available algorithms for detecting dense subtensors are not satisfactory in terms of speed
"Gopal
 popular distance scores used in these applications
 and literary landscape of early modern Ottoman Istanbul. Scholars have discussed this new visibility
 moreover
 plus an in-depth study of the 70 articles which were quoted at least 10 times. In addition
 pictures
 and correlationcoefficient
 which encompasses discrete/continuous sources with statistical independence/dependence
"Renfrew
 in the selection process
 video
 restrictive taboo topics embedded in themes around belonging
 this research paper addresses and investigates validation techniques and methodology for various existing algorithms like edge betweenness
 they have thus far lacked closer scientific examination. Hence
 methods and means of Big Data analysis. To create the platform of IT support of education of people with special needs at the national level
 on the other hand
 medium filtering
 in which the word legalist as belonging to thieves' slang is synonymous with the name of the main thief authority (the thief in law). At the same time
 we show the benefit of inquiring a user-specified system. Improvements in performance experimented on a combined Twitter dataset are shown over generalized models. PERSEUS can be used in addition to such generalized systems to enhance the understanding of user's opinions. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2018 by SCITEPRESS – Science and Technology Publications
cited By 0
 a higher order interaction layer to alleviate data sparsity. Third
 structural similarity index
 entropy
 operating under DCF
 each taken by students at different points within their academic programs of study: a) digital media production {\&} 3D modeling in a first-year seminar
 the developed BSBL based sketch recognition system
 little is known about Middle Eastern Arab girls' responses to original and censored versions of Disney media - which
 but there has not been any consistent taxonomy
 transadaptation
 Instagram and Facebook
 diverse and dynamic. Overcoming these challenges is essential to give to the scientists the best conditions to manage the time required to process scientific information. In this work
 black women's
 and pervasive) to address diversity
cited By 0
 Springer Science+Business Media
 arts and sports; and Playful cartoons. From a rhetorical standpoint
 the following improvements have been made: By using the local search technology with three acceleration functions
 I focus on four representative texts: Handbuch des Nonlinearen Erz{\""{a}}hlens (2011); Dinge bei Licht (2008); REVOLUTION – Die Wissensshow zur Digitalen Gesellschaft (2014)
 computers
 reproductores de m{\'{u}}sica
 we have also been witnesses of the sexual male objectification for more than a decade
 first through a relation of constraint
 it is hard to make the diverse features of generated dataset consistent with those of original dataset. To tackle this challenging problem
 tactile
 as well as longitudinal associations between mismatches and adjustment across the high school years. Participants (Mage =14.5; 57{\%} girls) were an ethnically diverse sample of 1151 low-income high school students who had participated in an earlier longitudinal study during middle school. Although ethnic identification was largely consistent across the high school years
 between immigrant parents and their children
cited By 1
 we propose a novel approach to select measurement points for AP localization under the assumption that the number of APs to be located is known in advance. Specifically
 timing based approach
 and participation in social activities) in the aforementioned association. We analyzed 9691 community-dwelling older Koreans from a population-based survey of the 2009 Survey of Elderly Care and Welfare Need. We conducted a path analysis to analyze the mediational hypothesis. About 11{\%} of the study sample reported experiencing emotional abuse by a family member in the past year (n = 1082). The results of the mediational analysis showed that greater ADL/IADL limitations were associated with (a) reduced self-esteem and (b) receiving more assistance from family
 single-frame or short video phrases matched with photos and cartoons
 should not be underestimated either. The question mark in the title thus results from my initial inability to determine whether translating menus is bound to fail
 this paperapplies data-driven learning (DDL) in college students' English writing teachingin combination of the process writing approach. It selects 52 college studentsin a normal college in Beijing as the test subjects
 education and housing diversity; and the correlations are stronger in districts within the Special Economic Zone (SEZ). CCCs are positively correlated with ethnic and birth place diversity within the SEZ
 on-body and smartphone sensors and propose an affect map as an interface to accumulate and interpret data about emotion and mood from diverse set of sensing sources. In this paper
 LLC 2017."
 geometric constraints that control the onset of this instability
 can be difficult to re-use
 and conduct a user study to evaluate the quality of the system. Results from a technology acceptance test and a user experience test reveal that the system has a high usability and ease of use
 Black
 as analyzed in La Distinction. This becomes explicitly clear in his late works
 and overview of
 LLC."
 and a reflection of Cold War geopolitics
 and the worse-elimination strategy finds and further eliminates the worst individual. The proposed NSGA-III-NE is tested on a number of well-known benchmark problems with up to fifteen objectives and shows the competitive performance compared with five state-of-the-art decomposition-based algorithms. Additionally
 so as to offer a realistic comparison of different platforms. We also propose a standard benchmarking methodology built upon an industrial software stack and evaluation metrics that comprehensively reflect various characteristics of the evaluated intelligence processors. BenchIP is utilized for evaluating various hardware platforms
cited By 1
"Devi
 proving that an autonomous vehicle will operate correctly is a challenging problem. In this paper
 designs
 which moves the per-spatial excess power downwards to enhance the spectral efficiency of the spatial multiplexing-based SU MIMO-OFDM systems. The proposed algorithms achieve better spectral efficiency and maximize the throughput in comparison with conventional algorithms. {\textcopyright} 2017
 an algorithm based on ordered binary decision diagram is proposed. Second
 which includes motion directly away from or towards the camera. Once detected
 but the vulnerability of interest is able to make the communication proceed regardless of SSL certificate verification failures
 variability
 frame aggregation is used in combination with RTS and fragmentation mechanisms. The results show that this combination notably improves network performance. Higher value of buffer size considerably increases throughput but the delay is also greater and thus the choice of optimum value of buffer size is inevitable for network performance optimization. Parameter optimization significantly enhances the performance of a designed network. This paper is expected to serve as a comprehensive analysis and performance enhancement of communication standard suitable for Smart Grid HAN applications. {\textcopyright} 2018 Lipi K. Chhaya et al."
 producing an image with more accurate data. This paper proposes a noisy feature removal scheme for multi-focus image fusion combining the decision information of optimized individual features. The proposed scheme is developed in two main steps. In the first step
 within a cluster
 it gives particular attention to the handover mechanisms
 1969. The spread of rumors does not only affect the life victims and the destruction of the property
 improbable and that
 a moderate correlation with CBO
 technology and information
 as users frequently delete files in the index. In related work to storing information generated online for o.ine usage
 and vastness. Studies 3 and 4 showed that only timelessness and accommodation could differentiate awe from admiration (Study 3) and love (Study 4) whereas beauty and vastness were not as important. The third question relates to the consequences produced by awe-inspiring products. Study 3 showed that awe comprised a blend of positive and negative emotions. Studies 3 to 5 showed that awe not only made products more memorable but also enhanced consumers' intentions to spread positive word-of-mouth publicity and to purchase the product. These findings shed light on the folk understanding and expression of this emotion and establish key landmarks in the hitherto uncharted consumer research domain of awe. {\textcopyright} 2018 Asian Association of Social Psychology and John Wiley {\&} Sons Australia
 NeuroCom
 information policy and practice and the SDGs
 using 42 different types of decision tree ensembles
 and high. We explore fusion of Bi-directional LSTM with baseline SVM models to improve the recognition accuracy. In specifics
 the article then investigates the principal causes of the limited development of cleantech entrepreneurship in the mena region. The Qatari example offers original insights on clean technology joint ventures
cited By 0
 and two frameworks of copy-move forgery detection (CMFD) methods are summarized. Then
 by underlining their diversity. The second describes numerous practices to limit the amount of these errors. The last part focuses on a case study in which we concretely use knowledge mentioned in the preceding sections. Today
 socialization and enculatory factor of the Slovak society. Slovaks living south of the border of Slovakia live in numerous enclaves
 designer intention and implementation
 the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software
 three non-governmental organisation (NGO) leaders
 his English language poems have been featured in the Poetry International Web series of Australian poets—https://www.poetryinternationalweb.net/pi/site/poet/item/20689—as well as in a number of Australian poetry book collections
 culture
 and provides practical guidelines for communicating healthy eating. {\textcopyright} 2018 (Yilang Peng and John B. Jemmott III)."
 we focus on dealing with the information gap caused by the ambiguous news headlines. We define a new task of explaining ambiguous headlines with short informative texts
 determinants of physical intimate partner violence
 accommodates pluralistic sources of information
 in the context of his life as a priest
 we discuss how this analysis can identify outliers and help detect fake news articles. {\textcopyright} 2018 Copyright for the individual papers remains with the authors."
 and research very high (RU/VH). Subjects - 209 provosts and chief academic officers. Methods - The authors distributed the survey to a pool of 935 provosts and chief academic officers in academic institutions. Questions were organized toward understanding participants' perceptions of their libraries' involvement with issues of institutional importance inspired by the Association of College {\&} Research Libraries' Value of Academic Libraries: A Comprehensive Research Review and Report
 which exists in parallel with employees' physical workspace
 Tomasz Michalski."
 journals available in the text form
 and after the demonstrations
 Q and Peng
 DPSK and QPSK outperforms CS-RZ in the presence of strong and medium turbulence. The analysis further shows that using spatial multiplexing (MIMO)
 and continue to focus only on one aspect: network topology. This paper aims at providing some insights on how to integrate the multiple and heterogeneous social media information sources characterising user activities and behaviour to optimise the quality of found communities. To that end
 {\textcopyright} 2017 Informa UK Limited
 S and Takahashi
 technology
 in the educational system. The good news is that cybersecurity is also a topic that students from a wide variety of backgrounds find interesting
 a hybrid and heterogeneous Cray XC50 and XC40 platform with NVIDIA P100 GPU devices
 building a binary classification model to determine whether a text unit carries suggestion intents or not. We come up with a new text unit to analysis suggestion based on functional segment in the ISO 24617-2 standard. We investigate two approaches to filter functional segments containing suggestion intents: machine learning using maximum entropy model and deep learning using convolutional neural networks model. The results of these experiments on Vietnamese online media texts are very promising. To the best of our knowledge
 or to be released for public use as open data. The last two uses require the data to be stripped of information of individuals so it cannot allow identification; however
 which was developed to be suitable for use across different SNS platforms. They advised further research to confirm its psychometric properties
 picked up on the resulting online kerfuffle as clear indication that there is something rotten in the state of fandom. Feig himself frequently turned to the echo chamber of social media to denounce fans as ""some of the biggest arseholes I've ever met in my life"". Addressing fans that singled out the reboot as ""ruining my childhood
 rich life narratives. We explore limitations (especially around intentionality) and ethical challenges
 P and Bowen
"Starkey
 we argue
 the pursuit of computational approaches to understand collaborative learning ({\#}5)
 but also Twitter and Google Docs. This new trend can diversify and extend enterprise IT infrastructure
 can help us better understand human behavior and interactions with cities. In this study
 the extent to which these networks differ is not clear. We show here that the network structure of these channels show large structural variations. The various channels account for diverse relationships between pairs of individuals and the corresponding interaction patterns across channels differ to an extent that social ties cannot easily be reduced to a single layer. Each network of interactions
 e-mail
 this paper utilises the case study of Cyclone Pam in Vanuatu to study the strengths and weaknesses of the disaster governance system in place based on bonding and bridging social capital to conduct disaster risk management and to prepare the integration of linking social capital when external support is needed. This paper contributes to the identification of key considerations in the development of resilience-building strategies: the interactions of diverse actors to address disaster management needs and the reciprocal impacts of these interactions within and across the three different scales of social networks. {\textcopyright} 2017 Victoria University of Wellington and John Wiley {\&} Sons Australia
 we take a more holistic approach by analyzing the occurrence of two events within the cascade lifecycle—the period of maximum growth in terms of surge in reshares and the period where the cascade starts declining in adoption. We address the challenges in identifying these periods and then proceed to make a comparative analysis of these periods from the perspective of network topology. We study the effect of several node-centric structural measures on the reshare responses using Granger causality which helps us quantify the significance of the network measures and understand the extent to which the network topology impacts the growth dynamics. This evaluation is performed on a dataset of 7407 cascades extracted from the Weibo social network. Using our causality framework
cited By 1
 to characterize fundamental limits and quantify the performance of sample knowledge sharing strategies. First
 the social context and scenery are visualized and transcoded into design objects. The researcher delves further into the use of new electronic media-FleXpeaker™
 the quality of the recovered signal is assessed using signal-to-noise ratio (SNR)
cited By 0
 we independently select k strong cuts for each attribute to minimize conditional entropy. The goal is to rapidly reduce the cardinality of the attributes
 we suppress them to have some preliminary communities. After that
 and etc. In this paper
 Linux
cited By 1
 it connects media and communications scholarship concerned with datafication to debates in other related and overlapping fields
 whereas highly motivational speech signals ranked low on the proposed scale due to the large variations in their average informational content in the direct and reverse directions. This audio texturedness indicator offers a continuum of audio classes
 genre
 and purchase records. Recommendation methods have been mostly designed to deal with numerical ratings. However
cited By 0
 these methods perform unnecessary skyline computations in a partitioned space
 communicative directness or reversal of aesthetic preferences. Rather than produce ultimate results about genre and multimodal change in popular science writing
 to enable an efficient monitoring of the collective attention dynamics
 doctors and patients in rural areas using the identified free spectrum holes. The sensitivity of the encryption algorithm was tested by passing the encrypted medical information over wireless channels like Additive White Gaussian Noise
 based on the concept of differential privacy
 and can enhance clients' autonomous motivation within the therapeutic process. This article builds upon Yosso's (Race Ethnicity and Education
 and interactions between organizationally disparate groups. These issues demonstrate the relevance of the Northwest to research on the organization of middle range societies. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 Australia arguing that our findings support contemporary masculinity writings. Our analysis suggests that men seek and obtain intimacy and emotional experiences through procurement of sex
 part of Springer Nature."
 and relate on the basis of Schmitt's strategic experience modules. The cognitive styles were measured using Kirton's adaption–innovation inventory
 GSP calculates a weight for each NCG and schedules the coded packets of an NCG for transmission according to the weight. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness and advantages of SNC
 and influential political factors. These themes help understand the ways in which LGB individuals in Kuwait integrate their sexual identity with religious and cultural factors and navigate a socially conservative society. The results of the study have implications for political and social policies in Kuwait
 a safety monitoring system embedded multiple sensors for logistics yard is designed
 and by embodied expression in physical environments
 sign fields
 while it also highlights the problem with millennial forms of liberal multiculturalism that omit critical discussions about race. {\textcopyright} 2016
 we design a two-stage approach which consists of question selection and question diversification. For question selection phase
 the latter engaged in hate narratives about Islam and Muslims. Islamophobia was identified in Australia
 social
 especially when large number of antennas are involved. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the opportunity for reflection
 LLC."
 LLC."
 all the features are combined and feature selection is performed to reduce dimensionality. Last
 where a GA is employed to solve complex flexible job-shop scheduling problems (FJSPs). In addition
 synthesis and practice will allow students to acquire creative illustration skills. This study provides evidence that the continued development of creative modern technologies and apps utilizing these technologies in modern-day classrooms will cultivate and enrich the artistic expression skills of children. {\textcopyright} 2017 Elsevier Ltd"
 has received increasing interest by academia in recent years. However
 and social disadvantage). Adaptive coping resources–impulse control
 while
 and ideological conflict and polarization. By synthesizing insights from multiple
 regardless of the predicate. I show that neither a distributivity operator within the DP nor one on the predicate can explain this strictly distributive interpretation. Instead
 LLC."
 a pattern-based accompaniment generator
 (b) school belonging
 the usage of CDD and STBC scheme redeems the cooperative dual-hop scheme by obtaining high reliability. {\textcopyright} 2017
 and economic contexts of the last millennium in Banda
 implementation and impact of the project by asking: What strategies have been used to inform the design the course? Have they fostered an environment conducive to creative collaboration between diverse participants? And what impact has this had on the participants and their potential to work in the South African film and television industries?. {\textcopyright} 2017 Intellect Ltd Article."
 parents' avoidance of the child's emotions
 which are called Knowledge Cells hereafter. An advanced academic search engine which could take advantage of Knowledge Cells and their various relationships to obtain more accurate search results is expected. Further
 maintained and managed by diverse cultural relationships with “place”. The study presented in this article investigated biocultural place relationships in connection with well-being and sustainability. In the context of learning and action for sustainability in Isla Grande
 modeling and understanding of WQIs' semantic content. However
 LLC."
 and political factors. Analyses involved 11
 such development will allow ingress for more traditional perspectives and guide inclusive research on the wider range of meditation practices. To address this call
 the most basic aspects of hookups (e.g.
 universities and non-governmental organisations (NGOs) – this initiative has administered numerous programmes. It has engaged a large and diverse group of citizens from Okayama City in exploring sustainability issues through collective discussion
 PSO is used to explore the search space for finding the optimal centroids of the clusters. Whenever PSO loses its exploration
 each trust model has its advantages and limitations. Further
 Andrea came of age during a revolution in her country—that waged by the Sandinistas in the 1980s—which provided her family with resources of both a material and non-material nature. The changes it wrought
 the definition of sexual behavior profiles has been barely addressed from a comprehensive point of view. We aimed to develop a multidisciplinary questionnaire for defining individual sexual behavior profiles. The questionnaire was developed by a panel of experts with research experience in the fields of urology
 there is a gap in the systematic study of the security implications arising from the nature of existing communication protocols in WSNs. Therefore
 defense planning. This paper presents a forensic scheme for detection of frame-based tampering in digital videos
 facilitating the measurement of two dimensions of tolerance towards non-heteronormative sexualities in sport: non-rejection and acceptance. Results point to three metacognitive profiles in terms of fit of the level of tolerance in these two dimensions: low
 once combined together
 but acts as an additional source of tension in the system of interethnic communications of the regional society. The basis for overcoming these negative trends is the expansion of dialogue between the state
 transfer convenience and the comprehensive proportion of different service types provided by operators. In accordance with the features of urban rail transit network and origin-destination (OD) pairs of transferring among lines of different operators
 a classification tree kernel based support vector machine (CTKSVM) is proposed to identify bearing fault. The performance of the methodology involving CWT and CTKSVM (CWT–CTKSVM) is evaluated by cross validation and independent test. The results show that the CWT–CTKSVM totally is superior to other SVM methods with common kernels. Therefore
 perceived enjoyment and self-motivation. The aim of this study was to compare the students' satisfaction with a ubiquitous learning environment based on 360o–technology and a traditional web-based online learning environment. A comparative
 these recommended online game's types that can be generated according to the relationships between the query user's preferences and users themselves. All sequences from numerous data are accumulated to be the inferences of the query users' preferences. Secondly
 which have been proven not to fully exploit the various heterogeneous resources. In this paper
 workforce
 institutional languages had to be chosen on a national level after independence. Kiswahili is the proclaimed national language and lingua franca of the East African region
 qualitatively rich perspective on money
 but usually do not acknowledge the systemic or institutional issues that foster racial hostility on college campuses. Because racist behaviors on college campuses have been constant
 it is found that one cross link can give on an average 52 seed users. This result can be used as preprocessing step for large scale user identification across multiple social networks. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 higher embedding capacity and greater level of security. Extensive experimental results are provided to validate the performance of proposed scheme considering both text and image data as payload information. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 we conclude and highlight possible research issues that have to be solved during the evolution of Semantic Web. {\textcopyright} 2013 FRUCT."
 The Remediation of Nosferatu and The Interactive Hammock. With this research
 we propose an efficient (2
 we propose a Hierarchical Routing protocol for low/medium earth orbit (LEO/MEO) Satellite RF( radio frequency)/FSO Communication Networks (HR-SFCN). The entire network is divided into several LEO-satellite clusters
 and find the low-delay paths between the source-destination pair dynamically for video packets through the RL module embedded in each relay node. Specifically
 characterized by complex interaction patterns
 including emotional
 i.e. functional segments identification
 email etc. Challenges faced by the organizations with this huge amount of data includes analysis
 differential
 Bzip2
 spanning elastoplastic
 e-leaning environment and search system). {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 I A"
 including online news and social networks. Our framework consists of multiple modules: data crawler
 i.e.
 GoMacH spreads its communications onto IEEE 802.15.4's 16 channels
 collaborative and communal learning–was adopted for offering entrepreneurial training. For reaching the socially oppressed and geographically diverse Indian women
 we propose to design new cross-layer based designs architecture to provide a combined solution for vertical and horizontal handover based on IEEE 802.21 MIH. We propose new modules in different layers and new primitives to facilitate the communication. Conducted simulations demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. We evaluate the proposed architecture using a scheduling algorithm which improves system performance as shown by the results presented of a comparative analysis with the NSA (New Scheduling Algorithm) and EDF (Earliest Deadline First) schemes. {\textcopyright} 2017"
 NCF has not only improved the throughput of LWIP users but also the throughput of Wi-Fi users. Simulation experiments reveal that NCF has reduced collisions in the Wi-Fi uplink by 13–53{\%} and improved throughput by 10–37{\%} as compared to Wi-Fi offloading and Distributed Coordination Function (DCF). {\textcopyright} 2017 Elsevier B.V."
cited By 0
 we address the problem of protecting user identities by presenting methods for obfuscating discriminative location data in users' profiles. We utilize data provided by the public Twitter API
 there is significant research to be undertaken with respect to handling interference.. Interference has been neglected in point-to-point MIMO as far as concurrent transmissions are concerned; thus
 I highlight how they resist prescribed user protocols of mainstream social networking sites as well as employ pragmatic strategies for navigating a binary gendered online world
 consistency
 by combining a geographical approach with in situ recruitment
 bisexual
 and uses her website Monsters.com to mobilize her fans. In many ways
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 I"
 it is contended that different orders of worth collide and cooperate within Valor newsroom. Moreover
 commercial and high fashion magazines published in 1982
 such as public customers
 then the role of artists and storytellers becomes a critical one in the creation of city spaces that are either welcoming or alienating. This discussion weaves strands of urban and cultural philosophy into a practical model for mobilizing collective storytelling to support a practice where a cosmopolitan imaginary can be publicly rehearsed. Ultimately
 deceiving people or influencing their opinions. Also
 social media is extensively adopted platform for e-commerce. Although
 D and Valenzuela
 events
 our findings suggest that the development of digital technology in recent years has brought about changes in PR research such that the research paradigm is presently shifting and acts as a competing paradigm but has not yet shifted completely. {\textcopyright} 2016 Elsevier Ltd"
 eyebrows and nostril parts are excluded. Subsequently
 districts
 the evolution feature of the MSN when time changes is discussed. Then
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2016."
 SNSs provide important social support; on the other
 with current information dissemination systems having an algorithmic basis and artificial intelligence
 lossless data compression may provide high performance under constrained resources. In this paper we present a novel on-line and entropy adaptive compression scheme for streaming unbounded length inputs. The scheme extends the window dictionary Lempel–Ziv compression and is adaptive and tailored to compress on-line non entropy stationary inputs. Specifically
 we did not find that IS is uniformly cohesive. Even so
 medical adherence
 the use of chaos process wherever possible is done. The cryptographic technique employed is hierarchical visual cryptography due to its efficiency over other cryptographic mechanisms. The overall scheme is implemented in MATLAB-10 and the results prove that the proposed mechanism is efficient to other available schemes in literature. {\textcopyright} 2016
 (2) deals with noisy comments by proposing a model for user comments ranking
 the authors redeveloped the curriculum for a 4000-level technical editing class. The curriculum reduced the focus on text editing and markup; instead
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Filipino and German migrant professionals in Singapore
 we systematically characterize pulse-coupled oscillators based decentralized phase desynchronization and propose an interaction function that is more general than the existing results. Numerical simulations show that the proposed pulse-based interaction function also has better robustness to pulse losses
 D and Proffitt
 securing original insights into the epistemic terms upon which NGOs have sought to produce
 I argue that
 a number of length-weighted kernels
 the approach was examined to recognise the DL descriptor and predict face label based vocabulary tree model (VTM). Thirdly
 memory requirement
 and numerals. This study based on data from the National Russian Corpus describes the modern standard of predicate agreement with quantified phrases containing okolo
cited By 0
"Allen
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and practical forms of literacy used by multilingual rural students
 addresses how young women
 and the various types of modality of multimedia data. Evaluation of the proposed system shows evidence that our multimedia recommendation mechanisms promotes cyber threat understanding and risk assessment. {\textcopyright} 2017
 LLC."
 this article draws on data from a critical ethnography. The author argues that youth activists offer a critical perspective for researchers and policy-makers in the face of neoliberal school choice policy. Findings reveal that youth activists understand a lack of diversity as racial imbalance in high status schools
 respectively
 which is also different from the traditional relay network with DSSC protocol. {\textcopyright} 2017
 this paper proposes the design scheme for femtocell which can reduce the influence of ICI. And also
 sub-linear fixed power setting. Furthermore
 Springer Science+Business Media
 that the moral psychology Rawls develops to show how such motivation would be cultivated and sustained does not cohere with his specific descriptions of ‘pluralist (partially comprehensive)' doctrines. Considering Rawls's claims that ‘most' citizens—both in contemporary liberal democracies and in the well-ordered society—possess such doctrines
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 working down the clausal spine. I also present a set of analyses of those cases where particles interact with one another
 department heads
 but for women of color
cited By 3
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 including mission-critical IoT communication
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 0
cited By 0
 and for positioning it in the postwar context. I highlight the terrains on which the opposition and alternative(s) to this conception were constructed. Finally
 the source nodes can be continuously transmitted and without dedicated timeslots for cooperative transmissions
 RCBBO is more efficient when applied to high-dimensional problems in cases of multicarrier system. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Springer Science+Business Media
 democratic politics should be inhospitable to compromise and that political integrity should be akin to moral integrity—and which are shared by Walzer's Dirty Hands thesis which professes to be sensitive to the realities of politics. These assumptions displace the complex realities of politics and misconstrue the standards of political excellence; they unsatisfactorily idealize political integrity and the messy context in which democratic politicians operate—a context characterized by a plurality of incompatible traditions
 this paper presents a polynomial-time algorithm
 Springer Science+Business Media
 the more the error rate and effective capacity of the system deteriorates. Under the same conditions
 further internalisation of the discourse has been hindered. Additionally
 thus maximizing the channel capacity. By applying the proposed MIMO beamforming algorithm
cited By 0
 two file servers
 such as fading
 argument of story and interlocutory aptitude. The applied methodology was qualitative
 use and meaning. As a result
 Besao
 and quantify the extent by which it reduces the probability of selecting the best node and increases the probability of selecting a non-best node. We then redesign it to ameliorate the impact of imperfect power control. Our systematic approach eschews several ad hoc assumptions implicit in the design of the conventional timer scheme
 analog sources such as printed newspaper archives and born-digital sources like native PDF) an interesting alternative source of data to increase the amount and diversity of potentially useful information. Printed newspapers contain various multiarticle page layouts
 and social interaction have moved online. It is broadly recognized that the rise of all of these different types of content (static and dynamic
 B and Aktaş
 attitudes and behavior can co-exist with the fact that very o en in interactions
 memory-centric architectures such as the DRAM-based Micron Automata Processor (AP) [2] can process up to 48K state transitions in a single cycle due to massive bit-level parallelism and reduced data movement/instruction processing overheads. Micron Automata Processor: The Micron AP re-purposes DRAM columns to store FSM states and the row address to stream input symbols. It implements homogeneous non-deterministic finite state automata (NFA)
 are tightly integrated in the language. Thereby
 analyzing all of data makes us spend too much time and cost. In addition
 robustness to attacks can be enhanced by increasing the topology connectivity through link addition. This work focuses on the latter approach and its effectiveness in increasing content accessibility in the presence of deliberate link cuts. The paper proposes a framework for evaluation and enhancement of content accessibility in CDNs by sparse link addition. First
 the study investigates the value of such a platform with a community of academic researchers. In this study
 especially
 L"
 public safety
 and execution events for each concurrency model it supports
 Twitter and Instagram
 post metadata
 the Spearman's Rho is 0.7927 and mean absolute error is about 1.1783. The results on provided dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach for image popularity prediction. {\textcopyright} 2017 ACM."
 we propose a novel cross-network time aware recommender solution. The solution first learns historical user models in the target network by aggregating user preferences from multiple source networks. Second
 design effective solutions
 little has changed in the design of online discussion systems
 heat conduction process will be generalized to improve the performance of prediction. Then one better hybrid algorithm composed of local random walk and heat conduction has been proposed. This algorithm can outperform other algorithms simultaneously in all widely-used metrics: auc
 where politicians in power distribute government-generated rents on a selective basis
 watershed partnerships
 for the same spectral efficiency
 F and Abdullah
 we propose decision boundary for ML detection of binary modulated signal. A discussion on variation in decision boundary under various signal to noise ratio (SNR) levels is also presented. Finally
cited By 0
cited By 2
 structural holes are linked to higher returns on assets and returns on equity. By contrast
"Mohammed
 their overall acceptance was higher. The study shows that the hedonic quality and attractiveness of textile interfaces have higher impact on user acceptance compared to pragmatic qualities
 some preferences are static and common to all users while some preferences are dynamic and diverse). Existing venue recommendation does not well address the aforementioned issues and often recommends the most popular
 women
 provides lower latency than MES
 and simple crash consistency. File systems designed for a single storage layer cannot support all of these demands together. We present Strata
 time between current and previous post
 including solving Burgers equation for aerodynamics
 Sina microblog
 missing ground truth for device IDs
 little is known about the content of communication among people who have coped with the same illness on personal Facebook pages. We conducted a content analysis of 12 months of data from 18 publicly available Facebook pages hosted by parents of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 is the capacity of actors to overcome structural barriers and mobilise connections across the entire network. This is achieved only through the prodigious efforts of several public
 and (3) that identifies something that is distinct to journalism specifically
 correspondingly
 reinforcing influence was found among the journalistic agendas of TV and Twitter. However
 Haier
 most legacy systems are not able to track the playing progresses or need to upgrade TV devices. To address the issue
 a novel point process driven model that considers the effect of cross-tweet impact in hashtag popularity. STRM
 although relationships were more likely to exist between students of the same race or ethnicity
 we formulate a two-stage decision problem
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 practice methods
"Kim
 enabled us to investigate the party's frames and how these were modified in response to unfolding events. Second
 performance
"Sweeney
 India's disability rights movement
"Rood
 because it heavily depends on how users interact with the different views. To efficiently support this interactivity
 as people from outside the Nambudiri community take a more active role in the funding
 faced the brunt of the media and political furore. Based on a series of face-to-face interviews with Alam in 2015 and 2016
cited By 0
 routing
 approximate the Shortest Remaining Time First (SRTF) scheduling. A common
 we measured eight dimensions of civic engagement: social responsibility values
 and large-scale sparse data. We address the challenges by exploring two types of data fusion
cited By 2
 recurring interpersonal demands
 as in the case of sustainability
 specifically in the areas of teaching and learning. These findings have implications for defining the present and future of faculty learning and development in a digital age. {\textcopyright} 2017 Elsevier Inc."
 Instagram's role in reproducing traditional gender norms is explored. The article analyses Instagram's technological and sociocultural affordances
 image
 existing media cloud resource management schemes or traffic-aware VM deployment approaches are insufficient for media cloud
 a diverse node adaption algorithm is proposed to indirectly analyze the evolution of the entire network based on the nodes' evolution diversity. Extensive experiments on disparate real-world networks demonstrate that the introduction of the nodes' evolution diversity is important and beneficial for analyzing the network evolution. The diverse node adaption algorithm outperforms other state-of-the-art link prediction algorithms in terms of both accuracy and universality. The greater the nodes' evolution diversity
"Hughes
 and heterogeneous in nature
 Asian American
 such as Laplacian Pyramid (LAP)
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2017."
 with only a marginal effect of lexicalised surprisal and no effect of syntactic surprisal. We conclude that surprisal has a relatively marginal effect
cited By 0
 we show how the folk devil is an a posteriori construct
 strengthen social links within their community and connect with the interested public
 we propose a multi-dimensional model of controversy. Specifically
 and disappointment
” and they have identified a solution that avoids what Berger rightly characterizes as the two impasses of fundamentalism and relativism. {\textcopyright} 2017
 the MORP optimizes the resource provisioning cost from both the resource cost and forwarding delay. Moreover
 reliable corpus
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
cited By 0
 A.-M. and Prediger
 and social changes. The growing plurality has also challenged alleged mono-cultural perceptions of religions
 and
 uncontested and students are largely authority-dependent. Student perspectives on assessment and feedback are explored based on thematic analysis of student responses within two main categories of beliefs
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 Instituto Superior de Psicologia Aplicada
 and that competencies indirectly influence internal audit performance through the mediating effects of team problem-solving ability and computer audit activity. Therefore
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 16
 an optimization problem of multi-user relay incentive is formulated to obtain the sources' maximum cooperative utility under the individually rational restraints. By exploiting the hidden convexity of the non-convex problems in both single-source and multi-source scenarios
 is to sketch out a framework in which Berger's ideas on “pluralism in the mind” could be investigated empirically. I will argue to focus on “cognitive minorities”
 however
 named RCS. It can support flexible inter-domain forwarding control
cited By 0
 and cities) are needed which zoom into the concrete local negotiation processes
 these findings provided insight into the distinctive experiences of female leaders in ministry and the ways in which churches might be able to better provide for these leaders. {\textcopyright} 2017
 explores differences between VGI initiatives at the example of a comparative case study on social biases within data of OSM and Wikimapia in the fragmented social setting of Jerusalem
 this set of scaled ones is more applicable to test an algorithm's performance. This is due to the nature property of practical problems being usually far from normalization. The proposed CVaEA was compared with two latest constrained many-objective optimization methods on the proposed test problems with up to 15 objectives
 and structural equation modeling analyses were conducted to answer the research questions appropriately. The results showed that prospective teachers' dispositional hopes can be examined based on four factors (i.e. active hope
"G{\l}owacz
 this paper proposes the unified framework for cross-modality 3D model retrieval. First
 Ghana. Employing structure-agency theoretical perspectives
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 0
 GVirtus now enables GPU sharing among physical and virtual machines based on x86 and ARM CPUs on local workstations
 both the Korean government and governments of other countries can be expected to further advance smart tourism in the future by implementing policy and institutional supports that aim to enable 4G LTE network-based M2V to realize a technological access system
 in which users learn a set of important keywords for a given topic by reading representative documents on diverse aspects of the topic. Using a crowdsourced pilot study
 parent education level) and changes in support from family
 to exploit the multiuser diversity inherent in the multiuser primary systems
 and equational rewritings. In implemented provers
 whether the tracker would shift the focus to clutters (i.e.
 a high dynamic range is required for the SDR receiver front-end. In current receiver architectures
 a load balancing joint multicast routing
 SD = 1.58 years) and the other involving a pilot investigation of 32 youth of color from similar socioeconomic backgrounds in Boston (Mage = 9.97 years
 the equation solutions do not generally present a continuous flow structure; one particular but interesting case
 we are developing this app to function as a platform for STEM informal education
 the two proposed algorithms slightly differ on the used local search operators. Based on 23 benchmark functions classified in 3 categories
 VM escape and rootkit attacks. The previous works on the subject of virtualization security rely on hardware approaches such as the use of firewalls
 including formal databases such as PubMED
 distributed
 multimedia video
 perceived life chances
 mainly in the sale of European goods. Under post-independence policies
 and powerful for a diverse range of learners. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2017."
 we have studied theoretically about the Destination Addressing Control System (DACS) Scheme. By applying this DACS Scheme to Internet system management
 it was shaped more by Taiwan's democratization. Imperial China's culture was reinstated
 watchdog groups
 Higher Education Press and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg."
 trade and organization management
cited By 1
 and unstructured data
 the overlapping relationships are leveraged to generate user identity candidates for each identity to be identified
 I explore the challenges encountered by the project team as an empirical case study of cross-disciplinary design work intersecting the fields of design
cited By 0
 as Jos{\'{e}} Van Dijck suggests
 alternative media sought to provide additional viewpoints and spur readers to respond. This study analyzed the practices
 the article provides empirical evidence showing that the recycling of news content from established elite sources and across popular news sites has increased between 2013 and 2016
 and self- and community-driven coalition building. There are implications for institutional leaders around increasing a diversified student body through attention to community incidences and redefining community relationships to the university. {\textcopyright} 2017 Informa UK Limited
 and generate different and complementary visualizations of the city. Moreover
 CAA."
 but distinct Beijing news outlets: an official daily
 debates about gender issues and feminist scholarship
 texting and turning to social media. Academic boredom also occurred during the completion of assignments used to assess modules. Differences between those more prone to academic boredom than others extended to self-study (fewer hours)
 distributors
 and ignorant. Combined
 researchers and policy makers. The aim of this article is to use an institutional perspective to investigate an integrative research programme
 particularly amongst young educated Saudis
 the notion that social media ‘helped him win' has been revitalized
cited By 0
 in some cases the participants countered that these perceptions of exclusion and barriers to practise could be overcome by individual choice-making; this latter view implicates a specific mode of neo-liberal self-governance. Our analysis therefore suggests that the yoga participants invested in and reproduced ideals of individualism and meritocracy relative to normative neo-liberal yoga discourses. {\textcopyright} 2017 Informa UK Limited
 while marginalizing deliberative and radical traditions. The implications of these findings for future research are discussed in the conclusion. {\textcopyright} 2016 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 Catholic rhetoric in outlets like the newspaper Germania–a leading organ of the Centre Party–crafted a narrative that redrew the mental map of the German homeland. To do so
 2015). In this paper
 agreeableness
 shared expectations
 agonistic theory is found to have limits – in terms of this case study as well as more broadly. Some final thoughts are offered on how feminists might best navigate the pitfalls of online activism – including the problem of ‘false balance' – going forward. {\textcopyright} 2016
 diversifies voices
"" which estimates the customer's state of mind (concerns
 delinquency was associated with increases in social network prestige but not social network centrality (again
 leading to the need for Easy-to-Scan content. The findings provide a basis for improving the understanding toward reasons for MOOC drops and suggest a number of practical design recommendations for designers and providers. Furthermore
 exposure to diversity is unrelated to participation. The evidence supports our argument that more formally separating the concepts of disagreement and diversity will help scholars better identify how and when social networks matter for political attitudes and behavior. {\textcopyright} 2016
 which helps to distinguish dichotomous 'narrative vs. expository' text types in both Chinese and English. Second
 we find that the Fellowship program relies on homophilous social networks in selecting AERA Fellows and
 R{\'{e}}nyi entropy helps to exploit the voicing degree contained in each candidate syllable segment allowing the enhancement of the syllable boundary detection. Once evaluated
 researchers have employed different aspects of audiovisual standards to assess user QoE of multisensorial media applications and thus
 embedded in additive white Gaussian noise of different levels
 3D object recognition
 and classroom instruction about politics also promote political trust. Conclusions: Television
 Facebook
 where the mentioned parameters can be used controllers. Finally
 restaurant)
 Q and Yu
 fails to work and loses relevancy. While semiotic myth theory has not been routinely applied to either political speech
"Jung
 the validation of this framework is studied on real experimental data from a group of robots. {\textcopyright} 2016
 it is hard to achieve high-quality results. Therefore
 or neutral) of all of the yaks. We employ supervised machine learning to predict the gender of the authors of the yaks and then analyze how sentiment differs among the two genders on college campuses.We also use supervised machine learning to classify all the yaks into nine topics and then investigate which topics are most popular throughout the US and how topic popularity varies on the different campuses. The results in this article provide significant insight into how campus culture and student's thinking varies among US colleges and universities. {\textcopyright} 2017 ACM."
 different spheres of production are analysed
 the article problematises a particular cultural policy approach that emphasises the need to attract ‘new audiences'. While the emphasis on bringing marginalised audiences to the arts is welcome
 without random oracle heuristic. The resulting protocol guarantees AKE security
 in certain cases
cited By 2
 two significant features based on entropy and edges are extracted from the obtained DoG images and are subsequently used to compute the quality of the image. The proposed technique does not require any training with distorted or pristine images; or subjective human score to predict quality of the image. We evaluate the proposed technique on LIVE
 and the reputation of each user as well as signal-to-noise ratio
 and symbolizes plenitude and plurality. {\textcopyright} 2017
 their uses
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
cited By 6
 the strength of these relationships diminished over time. {\textcopyright} 2017
 more follows. Consistent effects are found across two different parties for a diverse national sample in a political context very different from earlier research on the bandwagon effects. Considering previous research and the fact that evidence is not found that suggests that the effect of polls vary across sociodemographic groups
 DSR and ZRP under the impact of multiple wormhole attacker nodes. Diverse scenarios are characterized as like average of 50 runs and mobility. By statistical placement of multiple wormhole nodes across the network
 workplace discrimination is still a relatively widespread phenomenon. Although many countries lack legal provision protecting LGBT employees
 I test two competing hypotheses that articulate those contingencies: buffering-resource and status-disconfirmation. Results indicate distinct patterns for education and income that are mostly consistent across different forms of distress. The moderation patterns for income are more in line with the buffering-resource hypothesis
 the support vector machine (SVM) is used to classify ROIs in whether mass or non-mass. The best results were found in case of dense breast tissue
 the decision to walk to start a sub-tour was strongly associated with a workplace built environment characterized by a traditional neighborhood design and increased residential density. {\textcopyright} 2016
 burnout
 and decrease power consumption in IoT/ITS. {\textcopyright} 2017
 journals available in the text form
 building on the work of others
 Otsu thresholding and mathematical morphology are used for removing the unwanted clutter from the spectrogram obtained from such events. Using the sparse nature of the acoustic signals
 except for colleges simultaneously partnering with QuestBridge and enacting no-loan financial aid policies. We also consider whether participation in QuestBridge increases institutional status through larger application volumes and increased selectivity
 and MAJORITY 
 and presents two schemes to overcome such inefficiency. The first one is to reduce the processing time and space by minimizing the temporary buffer usage during anonymization process. The second is to construct an early taxonomy during the database design. The idea behind this approach is that database designers should take preliminary actions for anonymization during the early stage of a database design to alleviate the burden placed on data publishers. To evaluate the effectiveness and feasibility of these schemes
 educational inclusion of immigrants' and minorities' children
 for which there was no difference between the groups. Ethnic group moderated the association between age discrepancy and two aspects of body satisfaction: cosmetic features and overall appearance. For African American aging women
 fostered their children's love of reading
 sometimes called containers
 “the mode of being”
 resulting in a direct biological implementation of an evolutionary algorithm. In silico experiments provide data to estimate the computational/search capability of plasmid-based engineered evolution. {\textcopyright} 2016
 such as ArcGIS API and Responsive web design. Observation Database Model (ODM)
 11.2{\%} other ethnicity). Study questions examined sensation seeking in early adolescence (mean age = 12.16) and its relations with later substance use initiation (mean age = 15.69)
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 archaeologists often end up having to reduce the diversity and complexity of archaeological phenomena. Recent developments in geographic visualization begin to address some of these issues and are pertinent in the globalized world as archaeologists amass vast new bodies of georeferenced information and work towards integrating them with traditional archaeological data. Greater effort in developing geovisualization and geovisual analytics appropriate for archaeological data can create opportunities to visualize
 and the diversity of mutants
 this study aims to discover housing preferences of Belgian students with a focus on the relative importance they attach to private versus shared amenities. We carried out a stated preference experiment among students in higher education in Antwerp. Our results show that the main point of interest for the majority of the students is the type of housing
 this information is used by selecting the most appropriate leader from the archive which has minimum distance from the region where the particle had visited recently. The proposed leader selection strategy efficiently explores the whole Pareto front by attracting the distinct regions explored by different particles. Additionally
 and Brazil were interviewed with a central question derived from the science fiction writer Isaac Asimov's short story “Profession”: whether participants would take a “Magic Learning Pill” (MLP) to avoid the process of learning
 this study examines the contemporaneous
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the presented technique is implemented on a software defined radio based testbed for the evaluation. The developed testbed is mainly composed of a Universal Software Radio Peripheral/GNU Radio which is one of the software defined radio receiver
cited By 0
 acculturation
 clustering etc. Despite its computational complexity and its numerous applications
 so as to interpret the hidden structure out of complex urban form through the spatial logic of street network. In this paper
 which is called Markowitz mean-variance cardinality constrained portfolio optimization problem (MVCCPO problem). We extend an algorithm which is based on a multi-objective evolutionary framework incorporating a local search schema and non-dominated sorting. To quantitatively analyze the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm
 it maintains a balance between exploitation and exploration. The choice to explore or exploit a solution depends on the fitness of the individual. The performance of the proposed algorithm is compared with 17 state-of-art algorithms in 2-D
 and therefore these walking tours should not necessarily be grouped with the concept of slum tourism. The research to justify this argument is multifaceted. First
 AI and the Internet belong to the sciences of the artificial
 Firstly
 and intelligent situation recognition for solar power generation
 aided by a theoretical synthesis of established system theories (system significants). The main results of the study are that the technology student teachers expressed diverse conceptions of technological systems
 computational complexity and percentage of overhead. In the present study
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2017."
 others to boolean indicators of whether a linguistic variable is present. We present a new method for measuring geographical language variation
"Laucella
 in a reasonable time frame. These computing needs have implied a radical change in the computing architectures and big-scale text processing techniques used in NLP. In this paper
 illegitimate
 which combines the channel hopping strategy of CQM protocol and IEEE 802.11 distributed coordination function (DCF)
 plug-and-play V-SPA Module built from multiple V-SPAs and demonstrate the integration of different vacuum-enabled capabilities with a continuum-style robot platform outfitted with modular peripheral mechanisms. We show that these different vacuum-powered modules can be combined to achieve a variety of tasks—including multimodal locomotion
 we will conceptualize Data Analysis methods gaining and analyzing knowledge from the source data. The third perspective will incorporate Big Data research area as a main processing paradigm. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 friends
 we show that virtual crowds of fantasy team owners selected based on the diversity of their tweet content can outperform both non-diverse and randomly sampled crowds. Our results suggest a new approach for intelligent crowd assembly in which measures of diversity extracted from online social media communications can guide the selection of crowd members. These results have implications for numerous domains that utilize aggregated judgments - from consumer reviews
"Hirota
 and long texts.We selected recommending academic documents based on modeling the user's research interests as the evaluation scenario. Academic documents' titles
 the literature has mostly neglected the fact that these communities often represent common characteristic of the elements in the community. For instance
 implicit entities and highly subjective content)
 that we can automatically learn
 group synchronisation comes at the expense of other Quality of Experience (QoE) factors due to both the dynamic and diverse network conditions that each group member experiences. Someone might wonder if there is a way to keep a group synchronised while maintaining the highest possible QoE for each one of its members. In this work
 social networks
cited By 0
 we hypothesize that combining disparate online data sources with traditional time-series and technical indicators for a stock can provide a more effective and intelligent daily trading expert system. Three machine learning models
cited By 0
677 parents
 we demonstrate that the impact of the common neighborhood diversity on link existence can vary substantially across networks. We find that its positive effect on Facebook and negative effect on LinkedIn suggest different underlying networking needs in these networks. We also discover striking cases where diversity violates the principle of homophily - that is
 and they are induced in the clusterization process. We analyze algebraic properties of an automorphism group of the underlying structure of URIGs and derive a precise asymptotic formula for their structural entropy for various values of model parameters. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 we employ the framework of local weak convergence
 and this in turn has seminal consequences for the interpretation of the quotation. This paper will demonstrate that monologisation is an effective means for journalists to steer the reading of the article and to include their own points of view without breaking the professional rule that journalism must separate facts from opinions. The results of this study are based on a comparison between two types of empirical data; recordings of journalistic interviews
 and questions the adequacy of its prioritisation of the right (i.e. justice) over the good (i.e. benevolence) with regard to language. Such prioritising
 provided online information and in-person support to those affected by the Boston Marathon Bombing in 2013. Descriptive statistics of access to its social media combined with qualitative content analysis of its posts suggested CALD communities' need for reliable and timely information in their native language
 symbols systems
 distance deviation and pseudonym entropy. The simulation results show that the DGD algorithm can more effectively protect the vehicles' location and trajectory privacy than the existing privacy-preserving scheme. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 the presence of alternative voices in the new media and a dramatic reduction in the ability to manage and control information. Using a case study approach
 of which SWF is part
 which utilizes both individual and group knowledge
 these reading lists are built for whole people with general topics for some purposes. What if we expect the books of a specific topic at a specific moment? How to generate the requested reading list for our own automatically? In this paper
cited By 3
 but also that cross-platform audiences vary from country to country
 upper socioeconomic status
 we present a framework called Profession Identification in Social Media. It takes advantage of both personal information and community structure of users in the following aspects: (1) We present a cascaded two-level classifier with heterogeneous personal features to measure the confidence of users belonging to different professions. (2) We present a multi-training process to take advantages of both labeled and unlabeled data to enhance classification performance. (3) We design a profession identification method synthetically considering the confidences from personal features and community structure. We collect a real-world dataset to conduct experiments
 and active mediation are constituted by gatekeeping
 activities
cited By 2
 we describe one such operation that occurred in the run up to the 2017 French presidential election. We collected a massive Twitter dataset of nearly 17 million posts that appeared between 27 April and 7 May 2017 (Election Day). We then set to study the MacronLeaks disinformation campaign: By leveraging a mix of machine learning and cognitive behavioral modeling techniques
 the community detection method is conducted to mine the topic community of each tag. After that
 and events
 and the emergence of a variety of social networks
 the Fongbe (an African tonal language spoken especially in Benin
 we propose a new problem
 as well as over 200 million Internet users. These developments have engendered a growing discourse that emphasizes the growth and dynamism of Indian media. However
 up to constant accuracy and error probability
 all of the implemented methods perform significantly better than Christofides' algorithm; an algorithm that samples from a maximum entropy distribution over spanning trees seems to be particularly good
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Taiwan Fuzzy Systems Association and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg."
 and it can detect even minor variations in user behavior. We demonstrate our approach on a large pseudonymized real-world IPTV dataset provided by an ISP
"Kreiss
cited By 1
 little correlation between adjacent pixels
 in tandem with an open political environment
 security and time complexity. These features can be induced in the encryption schemes by incorporation of chaos during encryption/decryption process. In this paper
 housing and demography). The weight for each indicator is determined by two typical subjective methods (AHP and fuzzy AHP) and two common objective methods (Entropy and Coefficient Variation). Quantitative comparisons indicate that the four methods are highly consistent though they assign different weight to the indicators. Spatial lag regression identifies significantly positive linear relationships between ADIs and liver cancer incidence rate from 2009 and 2010. It suggests that greater possibility of liver cancer prevalence would be expected in districts of higher social deprivation. The results also denote that the obtained relationships are insensitive to weight determination method and temporal dimension. Our study demonstrates that spatial autocorrelation should be incorporated for better understanding the association between area deprivation and liver cancer prevalence at district level. This paper provides some new insights into social indicators research. {\textcopyright} 2016
 Oxford University Press
 the “coming of age” of the disciplinary area and the publication changes ahead for Communication and Sport as the journal enters its fifth year. The second section considers questions about disciplinary coherence for the study of communication and sport and points to key role that IACS can play in reconciling three distinct dispositions at play in scholarship: (1) media
 and channel models. The evaluation of the impact of polarization diversity in an office building was performed by measurements and simulations. {\textcopyright} 2017
 a lesbian-themed web series that was broadcast on SBS2 in 2016 and
 so the diversities supplied by the asynchronous relays are acquired. Numerical simulations show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. {\textcopyright} 2017
 it will increases the security of data transmission to against the eavesdroppers. This FDA-based DM scheme can be potentially applied in the point-to-point security communications and the effectiveness is validated by numerical results. {\textcopyright} 2017
cited By 0
 to make a more balanced distribution of sensitive attributes and satisfy the demand of diversity
 it is confirmed that the proposed scheme is better than the conventional scheme. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Social Support Inventory
 to represent various manufacturing data
 and mathematics were predicted by prior mathematical performance
"Khandelwal
 civil society and
 this paper investigates the energy-saving potential of chip-interleaved transceivers in WSNs subject to frequency-selective fading. Numerical results show that significant energy savings can be achieved via cooperations with chip-interleaved transceivers in WSNs operating in indoor environments. {\textcopyright} 2017
 and more advanced math skills only among boys who were African American. Finally
 as well as questions pertaining to a larger research study entitled
 and then the optimal pilot-to-data power ratio is studied. It is proved that due to pilot contamination
 wherein women assert autonomy and self-mastery of their own bodies and body practices. In this paper
 but 1st person exclusive objects do not
 the security aspect of spectrum utilization should be carefully addressed. A well-known threat to the spectrum utilization is the primary user emulation attack (PUEA) in which the attackers emulate as the primary users to obtain spectrum opportunities. To defend this threat
 where the feedback delay of ACK/NAK from the receiver is considered. Simulations are carried out to verify the proposed multiuser scheduling policies and the cross-layer design scheme. It is shown that the proposed multiuser scheduling policies has good performance in the throughput and average delay; the proposed cross-layer design scheme can reduce average delay and obtain good throughput performance. Hence
 Hispanic (n = 662)
 psychological health
 have a duty to engage with and actively explore African moral ideas. I claim that Moral Foundations Theory is well suited to a descriptive exploratory project
 Canada
 e.g. Nondominated Neighbor Immune Algorithm (NNIA). In this paper
 most voters do not prefer to vote in RCV elections and do not think that they result in fair election outcomes. Related Articles: Boschler
 while mobility degrades the detection performance when the users step out of the primary protected region (PPR). If the users are always inside the PPR
 performance index
 refugees
 as to who the Koreans are and how the modern Korean society should be defined. Some Koreans even raise concern over migration inflow as a threat to its nationhood purity. This research examines the shifting trend of immigration in Korea with a focus on the new social development of multiculturalism
 through simulation it has been observed that IFDMA performs significantly better than OFDMA
 member countries still need to find solutions. Confronting these dilemmas
cited By 1
 we employed generalized linear modeling to analyze data from 536 faculty across 13 research institutions to examine how expected costs/benefits
 subcarrier allocation as well as power allocation (PA) over all subcarriers at source and relay. We propose to decouple this problem into a convex problem and an MIP problem in fractional form. To solve the MIP problem
 ranging from “zero tolerability” to “non-zero tolerability”
 we hypothesized that higher positive self-compassion and lower negative self-compassion were associated with higher posttraumatic growth. Those associations were also hypothesized to be mediated through more adaptive cognitive processes (i.e.
cited By 2
 D M and Ely
 exploratory study that investigated how NNSLI instructors perceive their ability to teach in their L2. Teachers' perceptions of themselves as able classroom teachers
 little attention has been paid to the contingency of associations
 who were classified into 4 English proficiency groups (i.e.
 to get everyone on the waste diversion platform."
 Art. 11(1) and Recital 31.) Undoubtedly
 two critical issues are addressed: (1) market partitioning and (2) product differentiation. Initially
 the MemeTracker dataset and Twitter Hashtags dataset. The results obtained in this paper demonstrate clearly the utility of entropy based measures for quantifying the predictability in online social media cascades. We have also shown that temporal relevancy is a dominant contributing factor in cascade predictability and how additional features such as the knowledge of a small number of large media sites and blogs can have significant influence on the prediction performance. {\textcopyright} 2017 Association for Computing Machinery."
 and disease outbreak forecasting
 through the text analysis
 we propose a new analytical framework
 in contrast to previous studies
 the clergy's positive influence remains significant despite pre-existing knowledge. The generalized framework requires minimal regional data to establish the influence network. It provides useful policy insights for decision makers to determine effective avenues for information dissemination through community influencers. {\textcopyright} 2017 Copyright is held by the owner/author(s)."
 this paper investigates the possibilities of making third party (re)uses of personal data openly available in digitized form for young people to access
 sustained
 etc.) produces the most engagement
 our results confirm that social norm contexts matter strongly for online behavior. The developed theory challenges existing speculations about online aggression and helps to develop strategies to encourage enlightened
 Internetmediated activism allows individuals to foster larger
 and neutral. Results show that 65.02{\%} of the videos were anti-vaccine
 and in which parallel transmissions over two paths are scheduled. Promiscuous listening between the paths enables nodes to possibly overhear transmissions on the other. We evaluate the delay and jitter of the communication by simulation using Contiki OS and show that Leapfrog Collaboration outperforms the default retransmission-based approach of IEEE802.15.4-TSCH by up to 28{\%} and 54{\%}
 a VHT station may support up to 160 MHz transmissions. Increasing the channel width enhances the data rate but reduces the number of non-overlapping channels. For example
 most of the international students' information needs were related to their daily rather than their academic or campus life
 more specifically particle filtering
 named as RuleSN
 everything other than the background is extracted using a computationally-efficient variance filter. The information content usually consists of text
 we describe our methodology
 we develop an optimization model for clustered WSNs to minimize the end-to-end delay and power consumption while maintaining certain levels of reliability. We formulate our optimization problem based on mathematical expressions derived from a Markov-based model. Our results indicate that the lower bounds to expect on latency and power consumption
 receivers will cooperate to derive a reliable decision about an SOS transmission. Their hard decisions will be gathered by a fusion center and combined based on OR
 designing an automated system that requires no human agent participation to identify the topics covered in posts published in Online Social Networks (OSNs) presents manifold challenges. First
 and present a Spy BitTorrent client that is able to identify peers streaming in a swarm. Large scale monitoring
 users happen to move close with such short range low power communications as WiFi and bluetooth being enabled. We formulate the scheduling problem for social content propagation in a mobile crowd with contacts
 geophysical data
 digital and non-digital artefacts
 physical computing and science of sounds and gesture through sensing the electric field are all beautifully choreographed and synthesized into harmony of cybernetic art. They taught us that chances and possibilities for connecting the uncorrelated things are enormous as well as it is the context into which we place our teaching. We also show the 3D Pocket LED Cube that we prototyped
 highlighting their specificities and how they can complement each other to provide a comprehensive approach to moderation in these scenarios. This should help display owners to reason about the combination of techniques that is able to reduce risk to a level that is deemed acceptable
 especially on the production of educational content to the programs
 behavior and message formats and a framework to support selecting the right protocol along with an ontology indicating what the data means based on the context. Application layer is the primary interface for interacting with the systems and services; hence it makes it important to provide an interoperable environment at this layer enabling dynamic composition and rapid development of new services. IoT requires a common construct that is adaptive
 with the purpose of recommending articles in line with her beliefs. An experimental evaluation is currently being implemented to assess the effectiveness of my approach
 creative
 cognitive attributes
 the ummah. The practices examined here include face-to-face activities
 Y and Pozi
 LLC."
 Spain
 and how
 societal and educational aims
"Parker
 assertiveness
 and cultural dimensions of most societies across the globe. However
 starting from case law of the European Court of Human Rights. On this basis
 such as democratic versus undemocratic forces
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 and rules. The efforts provide lessons for policymakers and media reform movements elsewhere. The European failure derives from debates over whether pluralism should be sought at the national or European level
 Woman to Woman (1948–1954). Correspondence between Greenwood and her audience shows that the program provided women from diverse backgrounds with the opportunity to engage publicly with significant political debates
 and news stories about clothing and culture. In looking at this data
 participation
"Ricker
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 when combined with the Reggio Emilia educational philosophy
 the two terms are contradistinctive. Yet
 various levels of recognition of multilingualism
 drawing data from instructor interviews and class observations of their teaching styles. While instructors from universities with higher numbers of international students are under pressure
 the new type of poetry writing reflected in the “Xin Sheng Poetry Society” (Xin sheng shi she) and poetic columns online was characterized by diversity in the path of communication and the choice of subject matter
 we perform a massive analysis on more than 1 million users interacting with Brexit related posts from the main news providers between January and July 2016. We show that consumption patterns elicit the emergence of two distinct communities of news outlets. Furthermore
 such as subject pronoun ellipsis in Dutch and full subject NP constructions of a first person plural verb form in Spanish and Catalan
 our findings indicate that NER approaches struggle to generalise in diverse genres with limited training data. Unseen NEs
 we investigate the approaches of opinion mining for different levels and situations. Then we introduce comparative opinion mining and deep learning approaches for opinion mining. Opinion summarization and advanced topics are introduced later. Finally
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 volatility
 while preserving the usability of the system. Experimental results as well as a proposed architecture implementing this approach demonstrate the suitability and feasibility of our mechanism. {\textcopyright} 2016
cited By 1
 we aggregate suggestions from different recommenders to derive personalized recommendations. Experiments on Foursquare and Gowalla show that our proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on location recommendation. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 appropriate entropy measures are investigated to estimate the degree of chaosness in the signal. Based on comparative study
 increases equalization successfulness. The efficiency of the JEM-VL algorithm is verified by simulations using the 64-QAM signal. {\textcopyright} 2016
 and subsequent on-line discussion and evaluation of those videos. We propose a group engagement score that takes into account both individual activity and similarity of participation
cited By 1
 97.35{\%} specificity
 we propose a novel learning scheme to take advantage of these weakly labeled data through the deep convolutional neural networks. For each image pair
 similarity and the degree of fuzziness of GIFSSs. The axiomatic definitions of the distance measure is introduced and subsequently used to define the similarity measure and intuitionistic entropy induced by this distance measure. Some of the algebraic properties of these measures are also verified. The well-known Hamming
 instead of enabling
 and media contexts of those cities. This allows us
 and chaotic PSO are compared for parameter optimization of the proposed directed acyclic graph LSTSVM multiclass classifiers. ECG heartbeats taken from the MIT-BIH arrhythmia database are used to examine the proposed method and other traditional classifiers such as multilayer perception
 and Bing News. Additionally
 especially multi-exposure image fusion (usually more than two source images). In this paper
 signaling and quality cost components. {\textcopyright} 2016
 we first propose a novel deep learning architecture for exemplar-based image stylization
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 or more plainly
 media
 considering that there are multiple source–destination pairs in MWAN
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 there are no studies that thoroughly incorporate multiple ZigBee routing protocols. In this paper
 documenting educator and student engagement patterns and issues arising from the trial of the five de Bono LAMS sequences. The findings suggest an interest in TPTs by educators and students
cited By 2
 modular and creative process
 workers are likely to be confronted by
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and a new survey to gather data from museum and library administrators
 maximizing the relevance to the user query and the diversity with respect to topics that the user might be interested in simultaneously. In this paper
 levels of economic diversity and accessibility to service centres. Using Census data and the ARIA index
 1995). We rather argue that the observed diversity is a consequence of the order of syntactic operations that apply: In German A–N–N compounds
 and the aspiration-expectation gap (i.e.
 income
 analytical data
 34{\%} Hispanic
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 which contributed 18 unique effect sizes with a total sample of 2125 treatment group and 979 comparison group youth. The findings suggest that Teen Court is no more effective at reducing recidivism than (a) formal processing or (b) other diversion programs. Implications of formal and informal court processing for low-risk
 this paper explores Common Event Discovery (CED)
 given that the dangerous situations are more complicated
 in spite of the promise that the transition held
 “Personal Digital Assistants (PDA) hand (Data mode)”
 and that these were legitimised by students in relation to their understanding of themselves as being an ‘international student' (with fewer rights). However
 and the unknown in favor of postmodern play within a limited set of generic conventions. I argue that today
 researchers are only beginning to consider impulse control as an individual characteristic that may affect developmental outcomes in response to environmental input. Using a racially diverse (Latino 46 {\%}; Black 37 {\%}; White 15 {\%}; other race 2 {\%}) sample of 1
 symmetric binary rate gathers both uplink and downlink capacities while forcing them to be reached simultaneously in order to carry the bidirectional information flow. We assume a two-tier heterogeneous cellular network with macro and pico Base Stations (BS) and User Equipments (UE) uniformly distributed. Downlink transmission to a UE could be associated to its nearest base station or to that BS from which the average received power is maximum. In the later case
 require user intervention
 the psychopathology of youth may act to moderate the relationship between gender and placement in the juvenile justice system. The present study used a large
 2.8
 social media analysis. To study the architectural behavior of the workloads
 thisextended abstract introduces a three-fold procedure that is aimedat leveraging Twitter as a main source of technical feedbackthat software developers can benefit from. The main objective isto enable a more responsive
 the number of points to select is automatically determined in a data dependent manner. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 seeking to understand better how users represented
 associated with a maintenance policy to have a stock of prioritized and hierarchical interventions
 enabling key trust without out-of-band communication. We design and prototype Confidante
 there are distinct shortcomings among the existing technologies in effectively responding to the diverse and changing needs and desires of individuals
 an online microblogging social network with a core 'reblogging' functionality that allows information to diffuse across its network by appearing on multiple user blogs. The formation of any cascade network is visible as a list of reblogging events attached as notes to each appearance of the post in the cascade. In this paper
 as well as what is censored. The potential risks in performing the measurements make this problem even more challenging. As a result
 G and Kranthi
 has completely changed our lives. We communicate with friends through social network services (SNSs) whenever we want
 we estimate the randomness of nodes and then schedule the nodes which have high randomness. The entropy-based random walk select balance algorithm(RSB) is proposed in this paper. To achieve the balanced effect
 the protocols of UAV ad hoc networks require higher adaptive ability
 to the Twitter histories of relevant programs. The evaluation reveals that Trend Momentum outperforms SigniScore and signalizes 96{\%} of all peaks ahead of time regarding the selected candidate program titles. {\textcopyright} 2017 Copyright held by the owner/author(s)."
 which can meet such a diversified functional requirements of various WBAN applications. In particular
"Alabdulqader
 we propose a model which encapsulates the relationship between creativity and several social network parameters. We show that our model is consistent with the results of empirical studies in this domain. We also suggest how organizations could use our model to modify their network structure so as to boost creativity. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 and political-oriented lists
 providingevidence of a hybrid media system in which diverse forms of online media behave with diverse logics and impacts in their effects on e-petitions. {\textcopyright} 2017 ACM."
 methods
 and is used to validate and save each user's virtual wallet. The blockchain also serves as a distributed database that is visible by all participating parties and any node can volunteer to update the blockchain. The volunteer nodes are called miners and they are awarded with Specoins. We propose diverse methods to exchange the Specoins in order to make leasing possible even by cognitive radios that are not miners. We show the improvement of the proposed algorithm compared to the conventional Aloha medium access protocol in terms of spectrum usage. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 predictive
 in web news or scientific publications. In this respect
cited By 1
 and the findings pointed to both promises and barriers in materializing the democratic potential of hyperlocal news websites while calling for more research across different community contexts. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 their views. Since survey studies of political homophily face well-documented methodological challenges
 accepting selected aspects of social media reality but rejecting others. Especially in the case of the Chinese newspapers
 national survey
 transitioning from being passively covered by media to becoming active users of social media
 which relate to individual differences (such as extent of social media use or awareness of social media data mining) and differences in social media data mining practices themselves (such as the type of data gathered
 the youth and educational attainment of a district
 whilst the questionnaire used for data collection was based on five factors: Academic Reasons
 whilst the questionnaire used for data collection was based on five factors: Academic Reasons
 and networks in our everyday lives (Lupton 2014)
 A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer
 but from well-known cisgender feminist scholars who criticized the event from a traditional gender perspective. A heated debate about the needs
 we find meaningful differences in the strength of the relationships between variables in the model. In particular
 we illustrate our results through numerical simulations and we validate them with real data extracted from social networks. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 in particular
 and its efficiency is demonstrated by analysis and experiments. Further
669 conversations were analyzed over 6-day periods using ecological momentary assessment (EMA). Indeed
 i.e.
 the fuzzy preference relations based on the variance of information entropy are constructed for multiple pieces of evidence. Next
 noise discovery and time elapsed to form clusters. {\textcopyright} 2017
 and intuitionism. We provide formal measures of non-specificity
cited By 0
 in Tapas (2005) and the short film Ming (2008)
 a new algorithm called Enhancer-based Contrast Enhancement (EBCE) is proposed to enhance non-uniform illumination and low-contrast image to produce uniform illumination and improve the contrast of images. The proposed method initially derives two enhancers
 the satellite of the Soviet Union
 and cellular networks and so on. According to the state of a given signal
 we predict that while both concreteness and precision are measures of abstractness
 civil rights
 2007). The searchable encryption technique is effective when searching encrypted queries and is useful when users search their own data stored in external cloud storage. However
 it yields to a mean SDME of 78.8dB on the whole database. The performance metric for evaluating our proposed CAD is the Receiver Operating Characteristic(ROC) curve and the free-response ROC (FROC). An area under the ROC curve Az = 0.92 is obtained as well as 97.14 {\%} of True Positives (TP) with 0
cited By 0
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the encryption method passes many security tests
 rather than being a mark of marginalization. {\textcopyright} 2017
 such as via television or the Internet
 we use the chaotic sequences generated by CNN to modify the pixel gray level values and crack the strong correlations between adjacent pixels of an image simultaneously. This feature will significantly increase plaintext sensitivity. Moreover
 EBS
 the correlation between a central pixel and its local neighbors can be represented by a binary pattern which is named as local anisotropic pattern (LAP). Experimental results on texture classification verified that the proposed LAP has satisfactory texture classification accuracy
cited By 0
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2017."
 and how both parties fit into present power structures
 it can be valuable when it is used along with traditional approaches for the purpose of confirmation. To this end
 I examine the notion of the fragment
"Georgiou
cited By 0
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and pedagogical skills and competencies necessary to teach children from diverse backgrounds. Acknowledging this need
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Inc. All rights reserved."
cited By 1
 and fear of failure. Implications for theory and practice are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 thus being able to provide important accounts that are based on real life examples of their practices. {\textcopyright} Cambridge University Press 2017."
 supporting the civil rights of gay people
 8.5 {\%} non-Hispanic White
 as well as the absence of diverse representations in children's literature
 where national borders are permeable at the physical level of crossing borders and (national) societies are nested within societies
 with an emphasis on the road network and the role of centers and subcenters. These diverse descriptions are assessed with the help of topological indicators and synthetic information regarding real cities. The parameters characterize the underlying network
 we consider the use of probabilistic models in order to self-sample the current population when it has to be resized
 as a crucial node of exchanges through the Nile Valley
 and M-PAM in a slowly fading Rayleigh channel. The performance of GSC for half rate-full diversity
 namely
cited By 3
 the social function of emotions refers to recognition-oriented behaviors that correspond to engagement into specific types of group talk (e.g. Mercer 1996)
 each of which can generate different feature sets using different methods of local information computing. Experimental results show that our feature is effective for detecting stego images embedded by adaptive steganography. We also discussed some possible method to extent the feature designing based on LIF. {\textcopyright} 2016
 poetry and mindfulness as a way of becoming one with a culture that he is not accustomed has many lessons that prove useful in training more culturally responsive teachers. In light of an increasingly diverse US student population versus a stagnantly homogeneous teaching workforce
 feminists have exposed the gendered nature of transnational flows and transformations
 the intrinsic link between data attributes and classification results is revealed. The extracted features can reduce the dimension of the churn prediction in telecom data. The KLMM method adapts auto selection sigma factor to reflect the anisotropy of features. The potential function is used to assess the weights of attributes and find the potential important weight. Experiments and analysis show that the extracted features by KLMM are more likely to find a classification hyperplane which can separate data points of the different classes. {\textcopyright} 2017
 are tasked with helping to improve individuals' well-being in ways that range from basic needs to mental health. Given the growth in racial diversity and the role it plays in religion in the USA
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 we observe that even though our considered system with dual-polarized antenna require higher SNR to produce the same ER as compared to the spatially-separated antenna
 we discuss a study that used the developed microworld to evaluate a groupware tool
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 0
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 Degradation of Nature: Thinking environmentally
 and related notions). In the Sahaptian language Nez Perce
 the concept of leisure constraints served as more important factor than family functioning and leisure satisfaction in determining respondents' degrees of problematic involvement in Internet gaming. This study also revealed that the exogenous variable of family functioning was significantly related to leisure constraints and leisure satisfaction with an opposite path coefficient sign. Based on study findings derived from the conceptual framework
 while also accounting for socio-demographic heterogeneity among black adolescents. Historically
 in this modulation scheme
 we present Shapiro's (Minds Mach 23: 353–375
 remains an abstract idea
 since the existing features can not fully characterize the attack profiles and genuine profiles. In this paper
 interpersonal interactions
 based as well on pan-regional Confucian ethics
 numerous simulation based studies have been conducted for DTN protocols under various platforms
 initially galvanizing it: even the older members of Indira Gandhi's Congress Party
 felt pressure for gender differentiation
 a major part of N{\""{a}}mforsen
 pre-conventional scribbles on books by very young children have not been explored as artifacts of emergent literacy practices or reader response. Yet
 does the same apply to that of spatial resilience as defined by SPLUMA? This paper describes a study conducted to determine how practicing and development professionals in the Western Cape Province (South Africa) interpret the concept of spatial resilience. The results indicate that while the concept of resilience was generally understood
 based on linguistic
 the connection between both his liberalism and his views on nationalism
 we investigate the information-transfer power allocation (IPA) and EH time optimization problem which is formulated as a non-convex optimization problem. By making the approximation at high SNR regime
 a social belief held by an individual that is not socially shared by members of a social group. Such theorists also reject Searle's account of social intentionality as being too individualistic
 and reliability with McDonald's omega and item response theory (IRT) generated estimates. Measurement equivalence was examined using IRT-based Wald tests. Methods effects associated with negatively worded items were observed; these provided little IRT information
 and encouraged staff-parent communication. Whereas African American and Hispanic parents' experiences of stress and coping strategies were similar
 challenge
 Continuous Glucose Monitor biosensor
 but only for White suspects. For Black suspects
 we scrutinize the impact that clustering in different spaces (of variables
 the primary network is composed of L primary users (PU) destinations
 with metric and scalar factor invariance tenable across socio-economic status groups. The overall findings suggest that the two measures are appropriate for use with children from low and middle socio-economic status groups in the Western Cape province of South Africa and that the two groups can be compared by correlations
 even if some scales have been tested in a few countries. We tested 3 psychometric scales on a sample of over 34
 educational
 and individual
000 Japanese nationals living in the six states that make up the New England area. This study investigated types of information sources and means to access information that Japanese people in the Greater Boston area utilized during the Boston Marathon Bombing events in 2013. In addition
"Block
cited By 0
 the verb “framing” is considered as something from which a journalist should refrain. This is explained by the associations journalists make with strategic framing from sources as well as by the newspapers' explicit attempt to no longer view the world from a single ideological frame. It is argued that the studied newsrooms have replaced ideology by
 and phonology. A plethora of indigenous and European languages spoken across Africa have influenced the emergence of varied Englishes; as a result
 in addition to contentions surrounding aspects of the UNEPS proposal
 H V and Chow
 people's medical practices have been dramatically changed. On the basis of activity theory and service supply chain
 we suggest that technological designs should facilitate older adults' coproduction by supporting diversity
 we describe the various optimizations that allow us to gain this flexibility without sacrificing performance. Finally
 the empirical scalability analysis of our proposed algorithm on random power-law graphs shows that our approach is highly scalable. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
cited By 2
 hyperpart
 in real settings data sparsity degrades the recommendation accuracy. Hence
 ideas and people are only a few of the things that we can be recommended with daily. However
 or graph visualization but lack user-driven methods for graph exploration. In many cases graph methods try to scale to the size and complexity of a real network. However
cited By 2
 the capacity of peer networks to support and educate young people
 liking
 Latinos are more likely to be portrayed through negative stereotypes. However
cited By 0
 which situate women as active participants in the sporting spectacle. Whereas sexy women who followed men's sport or male athletes were once derided as “groupies
 was a newspaper published for only 13 days by Mediha Berkes
 or who view such expression as inherently ‘political' in nature and therefore inappropriate for the school setting. Australia has arguably demonstrated this dilemma recently in two notable controversies: an intervention in planned school screenings of Gayby Baby
 Kenya and Zambia. We examined cases of three models of agricultural commercialisation
 (2) the CCEI own ecosystem
 namely Classical Arabic
 livelihoods and local economic linkages. The study used a mixed-methods approach
 land scarcity and high land prices
 gender and desire and brings out possibilities existing beyond the heteronormative order. This way
 deaf people strategically board particular trains and particular compartments
 where the aims and objectives of the SE are continuously re-formulated and put into practice. {\textcopyright} 2017 ACM."
 N and Crabtree
 representatives of nonprofit organizations
 the ofxAVUI toolkit. AVUI guidelines and ofx-AVUI were developed in a three-stage process
 and communication medium. Further analysis indicated that language shift had both benefits and costs for team communication
 citing Volkswagen's inappropriate software that circumvented the United States' emission standards. This research is systemically designed to examine the evolutionary structures of interpersonal issue networks on social media by focusing on the 2015 Volkswagen scandal on social media. The interpersonal network emerged and evolved to build a discourse on issues by stakeholders after the event. By using longitudinal data collected from the Volkswagen USA's Facebook page between September 17 and 20
 while libraries at universities with an ARL library or an MLS granting degree program showed a similar breakdown between these three themes
 LASSO regression
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 EHR and claims data)
 S and Lee
 usage of a Kalman Filter to merge microblog and survey sources
 and thus susceptibility to the researcher's bias in text selection for an intended analysis. In this paper
 namely long-term statistical attack (LSA) and regional statistical attack (RSA). In the proposed attacks
 each patch is represented by a vector of coefficients that can linearly reconstruct the patch from a learned dictionary of basis patches. The space-time saliency of patches is measured by Shannon's self-information entropy
 the lack of international co-inventor network is striking. This might be interpreted as a sign of industrial lock-in. The use of both firm level and patent data together give a broader and more precise picture of the innovation systems under study. The use of both national and international patent data also broadens the picture of the innovation activity of the nation. {\textcopyright} 2016
 and protection. Finally
 provides considerable support for value pluralism
 collaborative framework and was connected to the Program-wide Positive Behavioral Interventions and Supports implementation in the preschool. The following paper discusses the development
 medium-increasing group (53.0 {\%})
 is characterized for the Nakagami-m faded Z-channel. The DGRs for the RS codes under different operating modes such as altruistic and selfish modes are derived. The RS codes can operate in the altruistic mode for a large range of multiplexing gains compared to that of the SU codes. On the other hand
 fathers
 noting in particular the complexity and fluidity in migration patterns. The article highlights these complexities and how they expose the limitations of any ad hoc and short-term approach to managing complex immigration flows. It argues that such an approach fails to recognise differences in migration trends over time and space
 current existing protocols apply these parameters sequentially without any prioritization. To address this issue
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and describe this open
 current existing protocols apply these parameters sequentially without any prioritization. To address this issue
 each task is divided into lots of parallel subtasks
 if not enhance Earth's habitability
cited By 0
 is presented
 family series are studies in the tensions surrounding difference in community
 but not consistently so across all studies (r = −0.18
 we apply a Support Vector Machine (SVM) as a classifier. In the testing stage
 the same environment generated by the simulator was easily implemented in the actual environment on the basis of the design results from the simulator. The experiment on the arm motion recognition library used in the simulator in the real environment was similar to the results obtained by the simulation. {\textcopyright} 2016
 is plainly true. Alethic functionalism relies on plain truth to account for the truth of propositions with challenging subject matter properties
 and physical victimization). An ethnically diverse sample of 70 early adolescents (51 {\%} female) and their mothers participated in this multimethod investigation. Adolescent reports of parental consulting
 understanding
 a constraints-aware multi-QoS workflow scheduling strategy is proposed based on particle swarm optimization (PSO) and a proposed look-ahead heuristic (LAPSO) to improve performance in such situations. The algorithm selects the best scheduling solutions based on the proposed constraint-handling strategy. It hybridises PSO with a novel look-ahead mechanism based on a min–max heuristic
 ≥65) were targeted
 this research proposes an area coverage-aware clustering protocol (ACACP) with energy consumption optimization with respect to the activation sensor
 and community coordination and follow-up. Based on the life course theory for optimizing children's developmental trajectories
 and exhibiting extremely large appearance variations due to different levels of abstraction and deformation. Specifically
 such as regular camera
 can occur in subject position
cited By 0
cited By 0
 we combine an online survey among 122 German sports journalists
 via such language choices
 the results indicated that players' personal factors
 S and Collomosse
 comparisons are made between various outgroups. Findings demonstrate that ethnic minority perpetrators are depicted in a more threatening manner: they are more likely to be associated with violent
 we distinguish four types of boundary management strategies. We analyze the effects of these strategies on politicians' social media use practices–and find that considering boundary management strategies allows for a better understanding of politicians' online engagement (or lack thereof). {\textcopyright} 2016 Informa UK Limited
 spontaneity
 our findings provide timely evidence to inform the design of more inclusive crowdsourced
 and “emergent” presentations-in-flux. I assert that the ongoing iteration of self across social media—implied by self (re)presentation—can have simultaneous and contradictory political significance. I conclude that networked interpersonal complications frame understandings of empowerment
 I turn to relational identities
 which is in keeping with socio-political conditions in historically “Othered” regions of the world. Utilising the example of a counter-mythologisation of media freedom
 A C and Dixon
 force these multilingual platforms to combine translation with other strategies to succeed in the new public space of online communication. {\textcopyright} 2016 Informa UK Limited
 focusing on Apple Daily (AD)
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 which entirely diverged from the old textbook coup method the Turkish military had excelled at executing during the Cold War. In seeking to explore the conditions under which the Turkish army chose to follow a new coup playbook
 overly stereotypical representations of such characters present overtly negative presentations of such lifestyles. This research effort seeks to determine if there are any underlying themes—and what they are—in the way that television presents bisexual female identities. To achieve this
 and that
 we see potential for a broadening of public debate in line with key principles of deliberative democracy
 as the editor of an immensely popular Bengali women's magazine
 investments and savings
 a content study of one of MBC's leading television public affairs programmes
 and that its meaning and content were a function of its makers' intentions. The article demonstrates that political and social conditions in postwar Italy rendered political newspapers' reviews of the film an unusually good guide to understanding ideologically influenced audience perceptions. These reviews reveal three entirely different and contradictory interpretations of the film
 used colorblind rationale to justify their opposition to affirmative action yet relied heavily on popular polarizing racial discourse in their argumentation. Social policy implications related to facilitating college diversity and promoting educational equity are presented. {\textcopyright} 2017 University of Massachusetts Amherst College of Education."
 Facebook and YouTube to recruit new would be members. This is being done through images and the streaming of violent online viral videos filmed and professionally edited that are targeting young and impressionable people. Portraying a glamorised and ‘cool' image
 flows and process of Indigenous communication on Twitter. First
 automatically discovering
 then fetches their published contents (specifically tweets)
 while achieving low service latency. Specifically
 generating new forms of innovation and posing the question of how to measure the impact of such open spaces. This paper analyzes the origin and development of social laboratories in Spain. it first reviews their historical development from their antecedents in the 19th Century to the most recent initiatives. it focuses specifically on initiatives launched within the university context
 accessible through social media
 parsimony: it requires only a handful of parameters. Fourth
 reimagining
 a series of count-based regression models were tested
 implications that so far are not reflected in media law and policy
 each weighted by its effective size. An expectation maximization algorithm is derived to infer the model parameters. We compare the performance of the proposed model with the basic IC model and its variants using both synthetic data sets and a real-world data set containing news stories and Web blogs. Our empirical results show that incorporating the community structure of neighbors and the structural diversity measure into the diffusion model significantly improves the accuracy of the model
 and Internet romance scams are a common and growing malady worldwide. Focusing on how it manifests in diverse digital cultures will aid in the shaping of new Internet laws for a more inclusive cross-cultural public. In specific
 and diverse). Results suggested that spouses in the wife family-focused network type (characterized by above-average contact with the wife's family and below average contact with the husband's family and with nonkin) reported the lowest positive marital quality and highest negative marital quality. The association of network type with negative marital quality was also moderated by gender and race. The findings highlight the importance of considering the meaningful complexity within couples' shared networks. {\textcopyright} 2016 National Council on Family Relations"
 with the highest degree of concentration among group appearances in Spanish newspapers and the most attention to economic groups in Danish newspapers. {\textcopyright} 2016 Cambridge University Press."
 our method works in multiple dimensions. We obtain the approximation by a careful study of the domain of realizability and by invariance properties of the entropy minimizer. The M2 model is shown to provide significantly better accuracy than the M1 model for the numerical simulation of a dose computation in radiotherapy. We propose a numerical solver using those approximated closures. Numerical experiments in dose computation test cases show that the new method is more efficient compared to numerical solution of the minimum entropy problem using standard software tools. {\textcopyright} 2016
 radio
 in reality
 the novelty of the methodologies used in this paper is described. In the 1st algorithm
 information spread more widely in the homogeneous village. However
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 which means that the technique can be scaled to large networks. {\textcopyright} 2015
 detect
"Sharadin
 they may also open up for new lines of inquiry and may be key to more pluralistic and equal democratic deliberation about science and technology. {\textcopyright} 2015
cited By 0
 and reduces the overall energy consumption as compared to noncooperative schemes. We also present a closed-form expression for the symbol-error rate analysis of the proposed scheme
 and large-scale test cases. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is suitable for these three cases. Compared to the complex valued cuckoo search algorithm
 predicting the future
 and packet relay overheads on servers. In this paper
 in a model of depression. The sample included 491 middle school students (52 {\%} female; n = 249) with an age range from 12 to 15 years (M = 13.2
 teachers
 it becomes increasingly difficult to assess pragmatic ability of an individual without a proper knowledge of the normal variations. To address this problem we have developed a test battery in Bengali
 men tended to rate non-physical behaviors related to control as less important to the definition of IPV than women. Moreover
cited By 0
 which is closely related to the users' QoE. Based on G.1070
 which is strong in locating salient object by concerning the whole image at one merge iteration
 specifically image denoising and super-resolution. Our model considers three underlying characteristics of HSIs: sparsity across the spatial-spectral domain
 in conjunction with theory
 which could be flexibly adopted by future multimedia communication systems. Data dependencies in spatial
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and social anxiety disorder) from middle to late adolescence in a diverse community sample (N = 1000; 57 {\%} female; 65 {\%} White)
 mutual learning processes in which people attempt to make the most out of available technology. In this paper we expand our view of design activities in three dimensions: First
 multiple task-specific constraints
 SD = 0.51; 54.3 {\%} Female; 44 {\%} Latina/o) assessed at the beginning (fall 2014) and end (spring 2015) of their first year of middle school
 using Devon's (The origin of emotions
 but they have been unable to build a relationship of trust with community leaders and school authorities. The authors argue that the main reason for defiance is reformers' failure to closely examine the cultural context of their chosen setting and work with existing tools and local institutions. Illustrating their point with a case study of an intervention carried out in informal Qur'anic schools in Niger
 Every Student Succeed Act (ESSA)
 2009. doi:10.1007/s10988-008-9049-7; Linguist Philos 33(6):479–512
 it may not be acceptable. Often
 metonymy
” a resolutely nonsectarian philosophy—rooted in the spiritual experience of what {\'{S}}rī Rāmakṛṣṇa calls “vij{\~{n}}āna”—that harmonizes various apparently conflicting religious faiths
 suspension of professional activity
 Berlin Boston."
 multicultural education as provided in major resources within the Liberal Studies curriculum appears inadequate. As diversity is reflected upon in resources analyzed here most often as problematic and stereotypical
 doctoral candidates
 it is essential to accurately and automatically classify potentially sensitive tweets. In this paper
 which presented the Common Core as an oppressive government intrusion into the lives of citizens and appealed to limited-government conservatives; the Propaganda Frame
"Chintalapudi
 but which should be helpful in supporting their developer activities in future. However
 such as geo-locations. For well-defined information needs
 i.e.
"Hur
 the numerous protocols that the verifier should be aware of and the high number of iterations to reach full functional coverage. The generic environment offers several advantages
 Embedded Multi-Media Card (e.MMC)
 performs resource allocation at the medium access layer
 even in contexts with limited cultural
 and ‘securing' social benefits and offering rights and protection only to the privileged group of EU migrants. {\textcopyright} 2016 Informa UK Limited
 called LBLPA
 the conversations with people and face-to-face interactions that govern our lives interactions have received lesser attention. We introduce DAIICT Spatio-Temporal Network (DSSN)
 based on surveys of 1
 and gender issues. Selective exposure
 as well as the creation of software
 however
cited By 0
” and tendencies to buffer the external environment and stabilize. Over time
 but that the regional skill relatedness index is able to identify more of the relatedness across industries. In particular
 that multiculturalism does not necessarily translate into greater intercultural communication
 mediation
 and postfeminist feminist ideologies in health coverage; the rhetorical strategies publications used for health content and how they compare with mainstream women's magazines; and their emphasis on health policy and public health initiatives. The findings suggested that the magazines relied on discursive approaches resembling those of mainstream magazines when covering health
 Cosette de Brunhoff
 and assesses its effectiveness for key player identification on a dataset of terrorism-related Twitter user accounts by simulating targeted attacks that remove the most central nodes of the network. The results indicate that the MEB affects the robustness of this terrorist network more than well-established centrality measures. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 p {\textless} .05) between perceptions of technology as an important part of my life and reduced importance of CSW activities. A significant correlation (r = 287
 which impacts their ability to recognize opportunities and respond to technological change. The location of a new venture within a business incubation facility did not help in the diverse use of Internet applications. This result did vary by gender as model results highlighted that women in business incubation facilities were more likely to use a diversity of Internet applications than those not located in these facilities. These findings point to policy implications regarding the implementation of technology training programs for female entrepreneurs
 news
 a mobilisation trend is detected across time in the analyses. As to factors concerning attitudes and orientation to politics
 polity
 participant-led approaches
 they are placed at a spatial and temporal distance outside Europe. Our analysis highlights the persistence of colonial practices of Othering and hierarchical Self–Other definitions that are reproduced through current New European Neighbourhood Policy policies. Yet
 a strong underlying preference for face-to-face contact remains. In contrast with some of the existing work
 C G"
 space for democratic debate and importantly voice to voiceless and keep vigil on government's omissions and commissions. Though media is independent
 M and Zaferanieh
 and I apply this to Muslim communities in Glasgow. Using qualitative methods drawn from media production analysis
 UIUC
 and caregiving. Using nationally representative American data from the 2004 Health and Retirement Study
 media consumers have transformed into being media creators
 financial assistance and help with chores. For each of the four types of instrumental support
 it can be set on the client side
 and the most biased search
 via a tactical supernetwork representation
cited By 2
cited By 1
 we employ a case study methodological approach. The case studies offered are based on an examination of a pilot project examining persons with disabilities who engaged immersive
 most existing solutions are limited in centralized environments only. Thus
 to ensure that the evaluation model fits the real-world conditions
 and it is crucial to motivate selfish users to choose different paths
 and mechanisms as well as prevention of racist communication in the media seem undeniable
 the repetition rate
 J O and Loewenstein
 respectively
 I argue that the presence of a wide range of stimulating items in modern societies poses a special risk to the welfare of members of modern societies. By considering the set of modern stimuli in a more comprehensive way than normative theorists have done so far—as part of a complex system with which members of modern societies cannot reasonably avoid interacting—we can see why the perceptual and informational spaces in which modern life occurs can be sources of disvalue for members of modern societies. This seems true even though the technological innovations that produce these stimuli add great value to the lives of members of modern societies. {\textcopyright} 2016
cited By 32
 expert opinions
cited By 1
 {\textcopyright} 2016 University of Utah."
” widely promoted in the Nordic context
 public service–oriented journalism
cited By 2
 this gender-based case study explores women's strategies for coping with online game-related harassment. It shows that women are first and foremost an active audience
 and graduation rates. This article discusses the causes and potential consequences of the growing gender imbalance and the legality of admissions policies that attempt to restore balance by giving preference to males. Using multiple analytic approaches
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and offer solutions to both local and global challenges. Two case studies
 while performing nearly as well as the independent switching (InS) architecture if the average connection size is sufficiently large to efficiently exploit their increased granularity. In this work we tackle the performance penalty that JoS and FJoS architectures impose on SDM networks with uncoupled spatial dimensions compared to InS
 “rurality has a real positionality” and much can be learned from individual and unique rural contexts. {\textcopyright} 2016
cited By 2
 wilderness sparsely inhabited by primarily Indigenous peoples. These concepts are further considered through exploration of Indigenous and allied ecological activism in Canada and the United States related to the proposed Northern Gateway and Keystone XL pipelines. This discussion concludes with an argument for the inherent pedagogical opportunity presented by such cases for contemporary educators to engage students in consideration of wicked problems
 security level and operational cost. To review the current challenges of paid authentication method
 and variability in the validity of research studies
 and cultural meaning. This essay explores whether or not efforts to standardize crowd out such knowledge
 so that the diversity of the base classifiers could be ensured. Furthermore
 and macrosystem contexts as well as important intrapersonal factors. Furthermore
 All Behaviors
 waste and sanitation interventions in inner-city unlawfully occupied buildings—that urban humanitarianism in inner-city Johannesburg evolved from reworking contested humanitarian principles in dense and diverse urban spaces. We argue here that humanitarian interventions in urban spaces not only require a departure from short-term biomedical operations and evaluations but also a questioning of the politics and principles of humanitarianism. In particular
 8(4)
 and pluralistic communications are the norm. Despite these changes in communication style at the presidential level
 Quong's political liberalism becomes objectionably sectarian. Coercing citizens without a public justification if they hold non-liberal comprehensive views is no different from the sectarian perfectionist view that people can be coerced without a public justification if they hold false comprehensive views. Quong argues that some degree of sectarianism is unavoidable in formulating a conception of political liberalism. While this may be
 the direction of effect of authoritarian attitudes on children's outcomes appears to be the same in both ethnic groups. In this sample
 which is usually applied to engineering
 a high-dimensionality information management scheme is proposes that enables users to select those pieces of bioinformatics information that are highly frequently used using the Bernoulli distribution so that users can easily approach those pieces of bioinformatics information that are preferred by them. The proposed scheme is an approach to high-dimensionality priority selection that requires the presentation of two or more pieces of bioinformatics information. In addition
 and what that legitimation process means for globalization and civil society. This exploratory
 the findings indicate that the commonly applied indicator of return visits largely fails to assess transnational mobility. Rather
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 0
 Version 1.12
 challenge Whiteness and institutional racism with the hopes of: (1) promoting social justice teaching in order to globally prepare (pre-and-in-service) teachers and educational leaders to motivate and empower ALL students to learn; (2) dismantling racism to promote better wellbeing for women faculty of color; and (3) moving educational communities at large closer toward equitable education
 promoting the learning of mathematics through problem solving in early childhood years. In order to discuss and illustrate this perspective we describe the pedagogical practices of two teachers who teach 4- and 5-years-olds
 and in many cases
 family
cited By 2
cited By 2
 fitness centers and others based on the ICT to enable use of the information for the customized dementia prevention services. It is comprised of three delivery channels that are mutually connected; dementia perception improvement and education service
 the AUC is treated as the objective function for optimization
 for cross-cultural research
 including attacks aimed at white-box variants of existing ciphers and attacks specific to the ASASASA structure. More precisely
 configurations and computing resources readily available. This paper first introduces what is JointCloud computing and then describes the design rationales
 in inner-city Johannesburg. By focussing on the diverse lived experiences of migrant women who sell sex
 and the relationship between English/Chinese-medium research productivity and self-perceived English abilities. Our study highlights heterogeneity among different groups of English as an Additional Language (EAL) scholars and calls for more contextualized investigation of the diverse experiences of EAL scholars across countries and disciplines in this Englishdominant academic world. {\textcopyright} 2017
 mixture models that formulate the sub-visual distributions assign relevant semantic classes to local descriptors. To capture non-ambiguous and visual-consistent local descriptors
 relocation
 can improve the error concealment of the decoder and consequently enhance video quality by up to 2 dB. {\textcopyright} 2016
 the proposed steganography scheme has much higher embedding capacity and broader applicability scope. Images acquired in steganography experiments and the analysis of experimental results both prove the effectiveness of proposed scheme. Both subjective visual effect and objective quantitative results of the Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR) index
 and vigor and current levels of social support (Adj R2 =.72
 and analysis of video-recorded Assembly services
 measured using validated instruments. Overall
 the evaluation included 600 Project K (46 {\%} female) and 577 Control participants (48 {\%} female) and revealed that Project K was effective in improving both social and academic self-efficacy from pre- to post-program with effects being sustained 1 year later. Parents' perceptions of changes in the participants' interpersonal skills supported these findings. Differential program effects were found across participant subgroups
 the learning rate is adapted according to the degree of evolution of the search space. That is
 interest and involvement with a number of green initiatives and to understand how sustainable travel planning has been absorbed by residents within a new regional centre in New South Wales
 a comprehensive mathematical model for multi-objective single-machine inverse scheduling problem (MSMISP) is addressed. Second
 they produce material
 kidnapping and so on
 which can keep both searching diversification and searching intensification. Furthermore
 variables associated with more extensive research involvement included non-minority status
 traditional resource management systems are increasingly prone to poor decisions making. Devolving resources management decisions to the local environment of that resource can dramatically increase the speed of decisions making; moreover
 light and doorlock. The government and companies have been developing the IoT-based smart home
 Cianjur Rise etc. This paper argues that GI protection may contribute to agricultural product diversities and productivity by enhancing production
 and objects to show homophone or words with multiple meanings concepts. Students analyzed humorous cartoons related to leadership that the researchers had made. Finally
 we formulated a general architecture of big data privacy to illustrate the basic structure of big data privacy. Specifically
 theory
 differences due to context
 the collection of feedback become easier through Facebook pages and groups. But
 questionnaires and researcher reflective journal entries were analyzed. The findings indicate that faculty are convinced of the benefits of technology and its potential impact on student success. However
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 S"
"Agrawal
 an adaptive suppression method for array antenna based on the maximum entropy gradient is proposed. Experimental results prove that this method can effectively repress the two kinds of clutter and improve the image quality effectively. The processing results using measured data prove this method effective in clutter suppression. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 we present an algorithm to overcome these limitations. Our method
 length
 and reports. A total of 1
 we discuss possible applications for speech-aware hearing devices. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 to feel physical thickness
 which is based on the reflection information. Because spoofing face image is recaptured by a camera
 we implemented a fake feedback which fed back one mistake in the easy condition
 domain agnostic and scalable to large number of users. {\textcopyright} 2017 ACM."
 and thus reduce controversy. Specifically
 comparing links that are created spontaneously with those that have been al- gorithmically recommended. We find that the evolution of ego-networks is bursty
cited By 7
 events facilitate quantifying their historical significance by linking them with long-running topics and recent chain of events. Our main contribution in this paper is to provide effective models for improved news event ranking. To this end
 including either potentially suicide-preventive or -facilitative terms
 we introduce two novel social network measures of connection and information diffusion that help shed light on patterns of political communication online. The Audience Diversity Score assesses the diversity of a particular actor's followers and identifies which actors reach different publics with their messages. The Communication Connector Bridging Score highlights the most influential actors in the network who are potentially able to connect different spheres of communication through their information diffusion. We apply and discuss these measures using Twitter data from the discussion regarding the Transatlantic Trade Investment Partnership in Europe. Our results provide unique insights into the role various actors play in diffusing political information in online social networks. {\textcopyright} 2015
 activists exposed their historic and ongoing abandonment by neoliberal policies and state failures. Ultimately
 as well as the opportunities and challenges they may create when used together within this participatory development culture are not yet well understood. In this paper
 like Facebook
 it shows generalized abilities for multi-dimensinal RDH scenarios. Additionally
 S E"
 it is often classified as one of the facade technique. [1] {\textcopyright} 2017 International Information Institute."
 is a difficult task. It requires a system that can use knowledge to interpret the linguistic styles being used by the genders. In this paper
 and relate them to the detected concept association patterns in over 200
 in the case of traveling by driving for leisure purpose
 is able to support multimedia communications in an IoT environment. We believe that our results are able to provide in-depth insight into the multicast routing algorithm design for multimedia communications in IoT. {\textcopyright} 2017 IEEE."
 the use of smiley symbols for expressing emotions
 and new media as text. {\textcopyright} 2016
 pirates
 there is a paucity of information on modeling the UEs' decision making behavior
 online health communities (OHCs)
cited By 0
 who constitute a sizable minority group on today's college campuses. {\textcopyright} 2016
 combined with varieties of alternatives
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 How framework asks us to consider What messages we send about mathematics and the world
 the proposed numerical method could be extended to diverse scientific disciplines such as geophysics
 demonstrates how the colonial encounter
 across the seventh to eighth grade. The number of cross-ethnic classmates in seventh grade predicted lower overlap in the eighth grade
 operating smart antenna technology is costly for resource-constrained robots
 the analysis explores three politically heated areas of debate: about immigration control
 normative
 Taguchi design of experiments used for parameter control and calibration. Finally
 gender
 we propose a two-stage holistic approach based on Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) and Goal programming (GP). We derive insights provided by these models from 10800 runs using market-based data. We also use an experiment to assess our hypothesis concerning the impact of task complexity on decision-quality. Both these experiments have implications for different business scenarios in the STaaS market
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 no general principles for the implementation and improvement of SI algorithms exist for solving various optimization problems. In this research
 but allows elementary particle physicists to simultaneously pursue a plurality of research strategies and keep the field together by joint convictions about the SM and shared explanatory ideals. These convictions include that the SM both represents a successful explanation of the available particle data and contains aspects in need of further explanation. Especially in the domain of BSM physics
 we first transform user QoS requirements to multi-resource demands and apply the dominant resource fairness scheme to allocate network resources for each user. We prove several salient QoS-based fairness properties based on a model mapping between QoS and resources. We further discuss about more general conditions for diverse mapping models where QoS fairness properties can be satisfied. We find that the QoS fairness properties can be guaranteed as long as the mapping model meets a few practical requirements
 ethnic and social class factors. This paper analyses a specific community engagement programme in Australia which uses experiential learning in an informal setting. The programme
 this study carried out analysis of relevant legislations and cases if the programs are properly operated in accordance with the establishment purpose of vocational training facilities. {\textcopyright} 2017 International Information Institute."
 m
 real packets do a random walk to hide direction information at a special phase
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 etc.)
 our method is more robust and locates various defects more precisely. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and what processes mediate learning within the environments. The papers represent a diversity of methods for measuring learners' systems understanding
 any discussion on the status of IT workers in Korea that is related to social exclusion and its impact on the quality of information systems is rare. As a result
 concentration-distraction
 big data to the users resembles something like “the elephant to the blind men”. It is imperative to enact a major paradigm shift in data mining and learning tools so that information from diversified sources must be integrated together to unravel information hidden in the massive and messy big data
"" not aiming to display the data in a traditional sense
 we discuss how they interact
 the payload and bit-rate are penalized because the embedding performance directly depends on the prediction accuracy and division efficiency. In this paper
 we compared the bounding performance when (i) using actuated versus passive spinal joint
 the findings indicated that when adolescents had a greater proportion of same-ethnic/racial friends
 in addition to time and cost constraints
 the article examines how homosexuality increasingly became pivotal to such arguments through an analysis of a series of episodes in a continuous
 DC
 and the associations between such changes. Methods: Using a one-sample
 Argentina
 HieRO considers the application's domain decomposition and access patterns and fully utilizes the on-chip interconnect at each multicore node. We evaluate the efficacy of our optimizations with two scientific applications
 the results partially confirm the integration hypothesis: immigrant students who are oriented towards the heritage culture and students who align with both the heritage culture and the majority culture (integration) and who are interested in their multicultural environment have a better psychosocial adaptation than students who align with no culture (marginalisation). In relation to educational success
 21 {\%} black
 the lower bound for the joint outage probability seems to consistently be well tight for large SNR. Therefore it can be used for practical design of inter-vehicular communication systems which contain multiple relays and antennas. {\textcopyright} 2016
 the advanced ASIP compilers need the support of parallelism for future application. This paper describes the High-performance C Compiler (HCC) and its specific implementation for an industrial ASIP and its family processors. HCC is a C language compiler extended and retargeted from GCC. A compiler extension framework is proposed processing programming syntax extensions of standard ANSI C for the ASIPs. With target-specific implementation
 Eclipse SWT
 and cord-cutting. In the service of this strategy
 although the tabloids produce more science news in 2012. Online science news also received high priority. Journalists in 2012 more often than in 1999 make reference to scientific journals and cite a wider range of journals. Science news in 2012 is more international and politically oriented than in 1999. Based on these findings
 invite students to take on the role of ‘language teacher' (Cary
 as well as analysis of the entered content and motivational letters of six winners in both years using critical discourse analysis as method. The article found that the winners displayed a high level of political engagement
 is conditioned positively by higher democracy. Our results raise serious doubt about the centrality of social diversity for explaining economic failure
"Proceedings - 2016 15th IEEE International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications
 noise and linguistic errors makes it difficult to part-of-speech tag. The aim of this paper is to design and implement models of speech tagging for Arabic tweets by investigating numerous models of machine learning like K-Nearest Neighbour
 multi-level
 whereas traffic originated from different play-out strategies shows negative or no correlations. However
 we surveyed QPOC about their experiences with representation in video games and solicited their opinions on how this representation
 social networks
 and then separate effective operation of the signals. Then autoregressive (AR) parameter model U-C algorithm was used to extract characteristic coefficient. Finally
 the same method could be employed for other NLP tools. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 a reduced size CNN model is trained by distilling the knowledge from a pre-trained full size CNN model
 medical imaging
 Spatial Lag
 discussion
"Saha
 coverage and diversity. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 and after July 1991
cited By 2
 but demands identifying potential quasi-identifier set manually by the domain expert which is very much prone to human error. The paper focus on the problems of choosing appropriate quasi-identifier set and minimizing information loss due to anonymization process. The proposed approach is two phase entropy driven approach to find the quasi-identifier set in a first phase
 V and Heena"
 we have evaluated two different approaches for documents ranking and further we checked this achieved results with other approach based on machine learning Firstly
 an implementation of MIMO systems in G.hn across different domains represents a non-trivial task. In this paper
 Gaussian)
 and each division has various web applications. In this paper
 service-learning
 and eventually reducing smoking intention. This study affirms that the theory of planned behavior is effective in predicting behavioral intention and demonstrates the usefulness of a multitheoretical approach in interactive campaign research on social media. {\textcopyright} 2016 Taylor {\&} Francis."
cited By 0
 mis/understandings
 with resultant progress in language function. Language technology has exerted a significant influence on language life and even on the development of society. As humanity steps into the age of online media
 and audience orientations
 subterranean
cited By 3
 but not so their ethnicity. The results show that television
"Fern{\'{a}}ndez-Quijada
 Cameroon
 and queer (LGBTIQ) organizations face various strategic dilemmas in contexts characterized by political hostility to gender and sexual dissidents. In Malawi
 together with theological students and secondary school teachers
 and assesses changes in foreign and domestic policy. These have yet to prove substantive but Trudeau has signalled a reversal of Stephen Harper's conservative policies and especially in regard to migration has tapped into images of ‘compassionate Canadians'. In foreign policy
 thus troubling categories such as race and ethnicity in what can be called a politics of recognition. In many ways
 fetishized
 routinely invoked in a binary opposition against a colonially endowed English—a dualism that obfuscates the neglect of all the other local languages
 I investigate how Māori spirituality can inspire everyday practices through the medium of haka–Māori performance art. I investigate the nature of indigenous Māori spirituality and its relationship to art
cited By 8
 I argue that sonic symbols that parallel in-situ visual depictions are architecturally encoded at Chav{\'{i}}n
 I analyze how pageant affiliates
 when in interaction with partisanship
 characterize its hardness
 M"
 performed by means of a hybrid form of modern methods of research
435
cited By 1
 relationship maintenance
 local governments are slowly embracing the use of Social Media as a tool for public participation and engagement. This study explores the current interaction patterns of citizens and motivations for participation and engagement via Social Media in the Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality
 the research ponders the future of social media as a viable and value-Adding investment asset in view of the industry's brisk expansion and improving monetization. The research draws on the trading datasets of all social media portfolios for which a modicum of transparency has been available. The conclusions recapitulate trends likely to affect the social media industry in the years to come."
 organization size
 the closer the relationship is among group members
 who dominated this terrain and whose campaign mastered the use of different platforms to access and enroll diverse social groups into a winning coalition behind his claims to a ""developmental sovereignty"" ratified by ""the people."" Following his victory
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved."
 such as employing social media marketing
 this research has contributed to theory and practice. Investigating the use of psychographic data on social media in precision marketing initiatives
 we propose to identify and exploit the auxiliary information. In particular
 on the other hand
 photo-level diversity metric computed using social media data. Specifically
 including Information Retrieval. In this paper we propose a synthetic analysis of the state-of-Art on Information Evolution on theWeb
 and produced new knowledge. However
 the approach presented in this paper is generic in nature and could be used for any other code-mixed dataset. The classification models based on CRF and SVM performed well among the classifiers."
 this paper offers a quantitative test of this approach
 as well as a local
 higher education institutions should focus their initiatives in providing availability
 photographs. Our study takes a closer look at the popular visual concepts illustrating various cultural lifestyles from aggregated
 we used tweets related to football in the UK
 time
 which takes into account the fact that some items receive unanimous ratings while others are more controversial. We generate simulated ratings based on a real social-media-based IR task data to examine the effect of our unanimity-aware approach on the system ranking and on statistical significance. Our results show that incorporating unanimity can affect statistical significance test results even when its impact on the gain value is kept to a minimum. Moreover
 Lda."
 K and Chandra
 and influence the public12
 educated adults in Tunisia
 perceptions by the media and the changing political landscape of acceptance of all queer members. Recent political events such as the AIDS crisis
 a clear theoretical framework is needed in order for emergent practices to become established. This study analyses a range of theories in the effort to produce a multi-layered and multi-Theory framework that might underpin research and practices related to ASNS as platforms for supporting digital scholarship. Firstly
 whereas most outlets cover a broad variety and thus represent the field as a whole. Although our discipline is strongly interconnected with the changing media landscape
cited By 1
 we find a wide range of diffusion protocols - from cascading reshares of images
 have re-invigorated an older model of innovation whereby the tinkerer and hobbyist were positioned as a main source of invention. This paper states that this innovation model
 whereas the later use of technologies exhibited variations. Moreover
 videos and murals. This new wave of humour
 practices
 we propose a method for discovering emerging entities by extracting them from social content. Once instrumented by experts through very simple initialization
 we present µTOP
 S.-K. and Choi
 and the many challenges of using data not designed for research. It identifies the benefits that would cumulate as a set of regional data centers to assemble
 grounded in the politics and political economies of communication technologies emerging from the free culture movement; in Italy this imaginary was techno-fragmented
 the majority of work done to date has dealt in the classroom context. Studies on SDL using educational content on YouTube are limited. Hence
 based on the listed 19 characteristics and existing theories
 but ensuring that a student's educational path
 by exploring the DAG
cited By 3
 and the political context. Young people's diversity is manifested in their different vocabularies of participation
 aimed at people dispersed around the world
 which can be seen by their wider network; some of whom will find it appropriate
 while the concept of 'Citizen Journalism' has increased in parallel with the widespread use of new media opportunities such as social media; the findings in the present study suggest that the education on internet technology should be spread throughout the different social layers of society. {\textcopyright} Authors."
 and therefore creating a storyline for an event or news story is an effort-intensive task. The main challenge pertains to the magnitude of data to be analyzed. To this end
 young people recognised that pornography use could sometimes have too much influence over their developing sexual identities and practices. Youth in both countries called for more and better comprehensive sexuality education for the whole community
 D and Dellnitz
cited By 3
 Mastodon is composed of interconnected communities
"Basile
 while the use of Twitter for private expression does not. Offline network diversity has a significant association with crosscutting exposure
 we will discuss preventative technologies for raising awareness and approaches for building a stronger connection between the users and their private information. Likewise
 massive and reflects the general public opinion. Its analysis on real time can lead to accurate insights and responding to the results sooner is undoubtedly advantageous than responding later. In this paper
 and security. Although the basic principles of human research ethics (such as respect
 we propose a deep learning based sketching system for 3D face and caricature modeling. This system has a labor-eficient sketching interface
 in Mendenhall v. United States
 notwithstanding the protests being spurred by diverse events. Furthermore
 it would be more appealing to tailor the prediction for each individual while alleviating the issue related to the curse of dimensionality. In this paper
 banners
 deletions
cited By 1
 well-known political news sites. We also find that political news sites comprise ideologically diverse audiences
 O and Maltseva
 and Aging Project were analyzed. Model-based clustering using finite normal mixture modeling was conducted to identify the social network types based on ten criterion variables of social relationships and activities: marital status
 Y and Chang
 show a great deal of overlap indicating that the presented algorithm is capable of detecting meaningful bursty features."
 so that individuals are sporadically confronted with diversity. For its part
 spiritual
 and importantly
 specifically the concept of collective identity
 from different social fields and levels of experience
 and the messages they post and how relevant these messages are in how we create new relations. One of the main contributions of this approach is to analyze the behavior of users and the impact of the diversification of topics and the inclusion of additional resources to the tweet such as videos
 and most (n = 154) of the respondents say they own an electronic device for reading. In total
 using smartwatches and wristband sensors
 and national forces still seem dominant
 as it has not been considered previously. {\textcopyright} Emerald Publishing Limited."
cited By 1
 emoticons
 this study generates a reasonable sub-band selection technique. Simulation experiments demonstrate that SSB-SSE is more accurate
 namely Plackett-Luce model and cross entropy
 Steghide and Hide4PGP while using a much smaller feature set. {\textcopyright} 2017."
 media experts
 Matthew Powers
"Horowitz
 (b) opinion subcultures
 the position of the media and journalists in the postcommunist states in Europe; how the established tradition of public service broadcasting in Europe is adapting to political and technological changes; and how well placed existing regulatory frameworks are to address the increasingly important regulatory role of private operators in Europe. {\textcopyright} 2017 Rachael Craufurd Smith."
 movie-cascades over a social network
 respectively
 especially in reference to media literacy
 and in the larger area of political ideas. This study explores the Occusphere as an expanding zone of densely interlinked anti-capitalist politics with three modes of existence -urban spaces
 the network we media becomes the important strength impacting ideological and moral aspects of college students. On the one hand
 I V"
 unknown friend request acceptance. Existing survey analysis provides diverse methodologies to solve the issues occurring in these two separate sectors of applications. The proposed MPU-IoT is designed to share and connect information in these two different sectors and at the same time will provide better solutions for the issues raised in them. It also solves the security issues that are identified during the transmission of information from Healthcare to social networking systems. {\textcopyright} 2017
 namely curiosity
 mainstream Western (including Israeli) media have been dominated by Orientalist
 and many PSMs fail to address this vertical segregation through policy measures. In half of the 30 countries examined the share of women on PSM management boards is less than 30{\%}. In 14 countries
 and Twitter. These native applications might offer further (e.g.
 the users may get finer details for specific segments of the sport holdings as per their appeal. We test and report results of our framework for the Indian Premier League Twenty20 2016 season cricket match dataset. {\textcopyright} 2017-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved."
cited By 0
 ethnic media use is associated with increased ethnic pride and ethnic performance. Implications for theory and practice are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2017 Srividya Ramasubramanian
 communities with distinctive and highly dynamic identities are more likely to retain their users. However
 attributed path summary is a grouping of vertices such that vertices in each group contain paths from source to destination and the entropy of attributed values within a group is low and biased toward the intuition (i.e. preferred attribute values) given by users. We propose a novel 3-phrase approach which stitches key vertices together to form candidate paths and inflates those candidate paths into path summary. An extensive case study and experimental evaluation using the real Facebook graph that visualizes the path summary demonstrates the usefulness of our proposed attributed path summary as well as the superiority of our proposed techniques."
 how well do such classifiers generalize to future novel topical content
 the real woman finds the representations of ideal woman to be increasingly unattainable. This exploratory study examined the effect of acute media images for a sample of young adult Indian woman (N = 60). A 2 (intervention group) × 2 (time) mixed-group design was used where half the participants were presented with thin-ideal media images
 J.-M. and Csurka
 but also brings challenges to the content
 mainstream print and electronic media might have displayed towards the ruling political party. As a result
 we further design Media Service Resource Allocation (MSRA) algorithm to schedule limited cellular networks resource
 as well as future behavioral intentions (FBI). Furthermore
 (2) that ties reflect the opportunities and preferences of both actors involved
 we first embed a graph into an appropriate Euclidean space to obtain a low-dimensional representation
 to the growth of social-political entropy
 Slumber and Growth. The authors analyze the characteristic feature values observed in each user behavior and provide interesting findings with each status/type based on Gaussian mixturemodel clustering and point-wisemutual information. Findings - From their sophisticated experimental evaluations
 it often holds scant value within the arcane world of faculty tenure and promotion committees
cited By 0
 and studies of creativity to argue that retrieval practices of media professionals who create audiovisual narratives are governed by organizational
 cohort and period effects. Gender differences in the effects of variables are tested using interaction terms. The results suggest that women's patterns are more complex than men's. Some effects differed distinctly between men and women
 the optimal thresholds are obtained by maximizing the Tsallis thresholding functions using the proposed MBFO algorithm. The performance of the proposed algorithm in solving complex stochastic optimization problems is compared with other popular approaches such as a bacterial foraging algorithm
 and victory/defeat. These principles stem from deep mathematical grounds of dynamic systems and sets
 even after accounting for the mediating influences of diverse personal
 we are able to disentangle exchange commitment across complex networks. {\textcopyright} 2016"
cited By 0
 or erroneous information or data. In numerous case studies in China
 that Anzac Day is a sacred day of respectful remembrance. Within this frame
 through a large-scale survey with adults. Results show significant differences (by age
 race
 Scientific
 and total media) and germane cognitive load. The implication of these results are important for instructors who wish to promote a better understanding of e-learning materials through the delivery of content by using diverse forms of media."
 live teaching of courseware and interactive video-based teaching. After the system was applied in teaching of ""aerobics"" in a comparative experiment
 media independence over time. There is thus room for improvement and mutual learning across all systems
 others advocated a more prudent response. This shows ambiguity regarding ethics in cyberspace. The mixed reactions present strong evidence to challenge the idealistic and exceedingly rational original notion of the public sphere as homogenous or integrated on issues of public concern. Instead
 we clearly redefine the problem and identify ambiguous and misleading headlines separately. We utilize class sequential rules to exploit structure information when detecting ambiguous headlines. For the identification of misleading headlines
"Lai
 we move beyond the existing literature which primarily focuses on direct content contributions by investigating whether slacktivists induce further contributions from other activists by providing them simple cues of encouragement that enhance non-slacktivists' commitment to a movement. Our findings suggest that slacktivist actions
 an adjusting parameter for balancing two cognition
 stairway
 shopping
 fail to accommodate both dimensions
 etc. CDO is an emerging research field
 Lda. All rights reserved."
 while in others it resulted in hostility and prejudice. {\textcopyright} 2017
 and with dynamic content. Thus
cited By 0
 impacts
cited By 0
 integration and pluralism. It then took steps back by reflecting on old national integration policies and the prominent role of the media in it over the years. The paper also reflects on the recent 1Malaysia roadmap
 provided at a higher level of abstraction
cited By 9
 and a participatory poverty identification with minimum variance model is developed to identify the poverty-stricken villages and their contributing factors. Finally
 the data also show that such homogeneity has diminished across time
 media use
 including the circulation of print media
 this article cautions against the wholesale relegation or removal of physical books for a number of reasons-not least because buildings evolve much more slowly than digital technologies
 digital publishing companies that are also active in traditional print activities have been constantly declining. However
 were threatened and forced to leave the country. Their outlets were damaged and forbidden to operate. Shown as a model of ‘professionalism'
 a notable development and an outstanding potential have been perceived
 social network modeling
 sports
 were associated with denser overlapping stakeholder interactions signifying collaboration (bondingcapital
 and this algorithm transforms the power control into the solution of a multivariate equation. The simulation results evaluated with Matlab show that
 consequent and adequate actions with respect to the circumstances form political knowledge of the journalists. Satisfying these professional criteria
 institutional
 encoding variability
 in digital media
cited By 1
 tradition
 experimentation
 J. Steinberger
 bypassing established routes like TV broadcasts and thus
 we also examined the correlation between appeals and common game genres. The relationships between appeals and genres observed from our data support our argument that appeals can serve as a complementary access point to result in more diversified sets of recommendations across genres. In our future work
 including the connections between them
 and in Los Angeles
 practices and motivations to visit Rock Art sites in Qatar. Here we propose that Rock Art sites is a chance to include them in cultural tourism
 synthetic and symbolic knowledge. We show that the endowment of the RIS of a variety of knowledge bases and their combination has essentially supported long-term cluster development and transformation. {\textcopyright} 2017 Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography."
 dividing government and opposition parties. The general outcry against the new licensing framework did not deter the government from granting only four ten-year licences through an auction procedure held by the Secretariat General of Information and Communication. The main criticisms voiced against this arrangement were the following: first
"Notley
 etc. Among the artistic drawings
 and reinforce some initial impressions while opening their eyes to new insights and information. Focus group participation triggered a desire to seek out and hear additional diverse points of view and offered participants the opportunity to diffuse negative emotions and reflect upon media content. Participants reported that they enjoyed participating in this form of guided discussion
 Kiribati
 500 cases of haber+plural NP
 particularly as they formulate responses to what many see as the Russian threat to Western liberal democracy. Russia may have lost the Cold War
 consistent with much (but not all) of the technical literature
cited By 0
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the organization was overwhelmingly influenced and shaped by veterans from the greater Salafi-jihadi movement who monopolized political
 Nasrani Deepika and Yogakshemam. The attempt is not to sketch a linear history of practices
 traditional media
 and share the dangerous situation for improving safe bike riding in this study. A pattern analysis of bike riding is possible according to providing bike riding record and its statistical data through the safety system. It is expected using the application of preceding technology to realize the diverse functional device for an actual feeling. Based on the foundation of actual feeling media and embedded design technique makes it possible to utilize a various field such as robot
 small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
 and G {\&} T identification. Purpose/Objective: This paper examines White parents' beliefs about parenting as it relates to their school choice preferences in the segregated and stratified New York City school system. It also compares the parenting styles and school choices of lower income general education (Gen Ed) parents of color. It explores how parents' social constructions of where their children belong in school are tied to their beliefs about parenting and doing what is best for their children in a highly competitive society and city. Research Design: A qualitative case study was utilized to examine how a diverse group of 52 New York City parents make sense of and interact with an elementary school that offers both a segregated G {\&} T and a Gen Ed program. The semistructured parent interview data was triangulated with school observations
 legislation
 Kazakhstan
 they will need to effectively refer to people in a socially-appropriate way. We confirmed in an empirical study that although people would point precisely to an object to indicate where it is
 spatial reasoning
 we have analyzed the asymmetric information situation and developed an effective bandwidth allocation algorithm. Under diverse network condition changes
 and academic self-efficacy beliefs at the beginning of the first year at university. Analyses of variance were also conducted to analyze the relationship between these student clusters and academic achievement outcomes. Six distinct profiles of students were identified representing different combinations of achievement predictors. Results revealed different odds of success among these profiles. The implications of our approach to the understanding of the heterogeneity of freshmen and the first-year achievement process are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2016
 kept track of in lists and catalogs
cited By 2
 All Rights Reserved."
 we show that there is no (1 - 1 / e+ ϵ) -approximation algorithm for our problem setting (even for additive functions) and that there is no approximation algorithm for a slight extension of this setting. {\textcopyright} 2015
 transparency
 and show that although each basic service is available to a large proportion of the population
 special courses operating near mosques
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 we drew pragmatically on theories of multiculturalism and dialogical self. Participants reported negotiating their cultural identity through dialogue between various personal
 it is possible to produce clusters of varying size D and to estimate the time to solution associated with each D. In this paper
 to analyze archival materials
 Fog computing enables some data to be analysed and managed at the network edge
 despite the converging media governance. Also noteworthy is the margin of substantial improvement in the transparency and dissemination possibilities
cited By 0
 all the students pursuing a V-level (vocational) diploma in catering
 the impacts of waveform number
 and public/media discussions. I argue that contemporary feminist opposition to the sex industry is shaped by a 'sex war' paradigm which relies on a binary opposition between radical feminist and 'sex positive' perspectives. In this framework
 strengthen community cohesion and diversity in a globalizing world is put forward. {\textcopyright} 2017 Adam Mickiewicz University Press. All rights reserved."
 the SU codes achieve DGR outer bound at low multiplexing gain region
 and demonstrates how authors perform self-disclosure to construct fictional personae. I demonstrate how these discursively-constructed narrative identities are central to the ensuing and improbable narrative events represented in the parodic texts. {\textcopyright} John Benjamins Publishing Company."
 or positive behavioral re-inforcements? The interactive media was designed to check whether a short real-time intervention (of approximately 30 seconds to 1 minute duration) could act as a mood changer. Respondents react to the multimedia diversion kit
 which enhances the predictive accuracy of each pruned subsolution
 representing its properties and characteristics through a transmedia narrative unfolded through diverse languages and media. Three cases are presented
 increases average video quality
 responds to the cultural and economic transformations of cricket globally
 this work presents a double layered text document clustering algorithm. The entire system is categorized into phases such as document pre-processing
 training error
 listening to all Wi-Fi traffic in range and extracting network information along with GPS coordinates and illustrate the results on Geographical maps using Wi-Fi Triangulation Techniques. Having such capabilities on an autonomous aerial robot enables geographical packet analysis and the observation of widespread traffic
 the motion corners of object are selected as feature points which are then tracked to obtain motion trajectories. Finally
 which has allowed us to include the collective of PWD among the stakeholders of companies. The research on the incorporation of disability as an integral part of the policies of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in companies is very recent
 which is applicable to various fading scenarios described with different Rician K factors and average signal to noise ratios (SNR)
 transgender
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 a robust sketch descriptor together with a better strategy for representing regular images as sketches are demanded. In this work
 some devices may be able to decode a subset of all the available video standards
 these texts have formed the most significant discursive framework for representations of the third sector
 including media of happiness and good-spirit
 the LM is typically adapted to a smaller held-out in-domain dataset that is drawn from the test distribution. We propose three LM adaptation approaches for Deep NN and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM): (1) Adapting the softmax layer in the Neural Network (NN); (2) Adding a non-linear adaptation layer before the softmax layer that is trained only in the adaptation phase; (3) Training the extra non-linear adaptation layer in pre-Training and adaptation phases. Aiming to improve upon a hierarchical Maximum Entropy (MaxEnt) second-pass LM baseline
 categorization
 use of multimedia
 we then distinguish between equivalent
 and it is a crucial aspect to maintain an acceptable level of service degradation. This paper studies the fault-aware resource allocation problem by exploiting multipath routing and dynamic rate assignment for heterogeneous sources. We estimate the impacts of faults and formulate the resource allocation as a lossy network flow optimization problem based on these estimates. The traditional flow optimization solutions focus on homogeneous traffic. In our work
"Joubert
 creates the conditions—sensory
 not only treated as a challenge to be overcome."
461 EUR
 Skype use was the strongest predictor of both relationship satisfaction and communication satisfaction. Further
 such as polarity and fragmentation. While the current status of TS shows general maturity
 packet loss and RSS
 increasing the accuracy of flower grading to approximately 93.9{\%}. {\textcopyright} 2017 Yu Sun et al."
 each gateway serves a portion of the user beams
 we propose a bandwidth aggregation framework that integrates energy-minimized rate adaptation
 traffic priority
 American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Inc
 one for receiving and the other for transmitting. Only one antenna is equipped at each destination node. In the proposed scheme
 USD and local currencies) on the other is developed. Correlations are small and medium showing that these are not the only factors influencing portfolio inflows. It is detected that pairs with risk and relative foreign exchange return differentials have the strongest correlations while the latter affecting equity liabilities and almost not influencing total liabilities. It is proved that frontier markets group represents substantial exchange rate risk for foreign investors. The relative differentials are -1.36 and -0.48 for USD and EUR investors respectively. Exchange rate risks from euro investors' perspective are much lower than from the perspective of an US dollar investor. The FM index has the lowest USD and EUR risks representing a more efficient investment when investors diversify. {\textcopyright} 2017
 Hebrew and Turkish language teaching resources
 the total number of participants estimating 348 people (aged 12-15). The study proved the effectiveness of the proposed matrix model which allowed to form strong links between schools and city bodies engaged in diverse research activities. The school students demonstrated considerable achievements at various contests and school scientific conferences. Most school students participating in research projects have increased the level of subjective research experience to medium and high. The research findings can be used by school educators
 and (5) providing result of the recognition. The experiment was carried out in the aspect of text font size
 the process model includes a topic horizon and a collaboration phase
 a fresh water loving mangrove
 thus challenging the trainers to manage multi-cultural and multi-ethnic learning environment. Participants come from different higher education systems each with diverse missions
 old cemetery in Roorkee) in Uttarakhand which are located in diverse geographic and economic conditions with different religious backgrounds. Multi-temporal high resolution satellite images viz.
 could have also resulted in improved STAR reading scores. Recommendations for Practitioners There is no one-size-fits-all solution when implementing such technology to a diverse array of learners on different reading levels
 were rather diverse. Beyond the videocassette boom
 the best MhA among the six MhAs was identified
 such as Beppe Grillo's populist Five-Star Movement; from ‘mistaken ideas about democracy' to fierce defence of the liberal features and safeguards of democracy. {\textcopyright} 2017 The Founding Editors
 J"
 they are compelled to remain objective on political issues. This demand for objectivity may be at variance with both their personal views and the expectation of their community. Data collected through in-depth interviewing reveal that it is often facile and misleading to posit the existence of homogeneity and unity around politics
000 Japanese nationals living in the six states that make up the New England area. This study investigated types of information sources and means to access information that Japanese people in the Greater Boston area utilized during the Boston Marathon Bombing events in 2013. In addition
 which feeling about the content and interest in the interrelation of these issues. {\textcopyright} 2017."
 an information cascade (tree structure) is constructed to describe the diffusion trace. Based on the categories
cited By 0
 which included a postcollege survey administered six years after graduation. The total sample consisted of 8
 and other opportunities for the professional development of today's practically minded students. {\textcopyright} AEJMC 2017."
 charismatic accounts such as stories of faith healing and Spirit-filled worship services abutted reports of cutting-edge scientific developments and international newswires. This study shows the prevalence of charismatic modes within mainline Protestantism in the early twentieth century. Pluralistic discourse in the Intelligencer from 1905 to 1926 reveals the complex and multifaceted experience of modernity in China
 the dialectical method
 Nordicom. All rights reserved."
 political engagement
cited By 0
 phone numbers
 and also the flexibility when selecting the complexity of the student model output. This paper examines an extension to student-teacher training that allows for the possibility of having different PDTs between teachers
 the authors designed a series of altmetrics workshops aimed at seeding conversations around novel ways to track the impact of researchers' diverse scholarly and creative outputs. Design/methodology/approach: This paper presents a case study of the instructional approach taken at the University of Maine library to facilitate discussions of alternative impact assessments that reach beyond traditional publications. Findings: Evaluations revealed an increased awareness of
 the tradition set out by avant-garde and performance art
 a number of functions
 interactive visualization with a ‘picturesque' design. The results indicate that the interactive visualization held higher potential for drawing in and maintaining audience interests
 storage requirements and classification time. Results show that
 defines its design objectives
 these calculated opinions are converted to subjective logic model and finally these opinions will be combined to obtain general trust. For accepting or rejecting friend requests a threshold is considered. For evaluating the proposed model
"Amin
 the farmers indicated that they would and were already engaged in diversification systems that include: livestock farming
 a novel
 that models are still need adjustment against the local conditions of the region. This research was conducted to study Smart City Nusantara as a suitable concept to be implemented in Indonesia and to know the role of Penta Helix model in developing the concept of Smart City Nusantara. This study is using qualitative methods by conducting in-depth interviews to five respondents representing each Penta Helix model's component i.e. Academic
 spread spectrum (SS) watermarking is found to be efficient due to its improved robustness and imperceptibility. SS watermarking on digital images in presence of additive and multiplicative noise is studied a lot. To the best of knowledge
 knowledge-sharing technologies present a new opportunity to diversify solutions and lead to innovation. {\textcopyright} 2016 The Author(s)."
 also a structural ranking which can be computed equally efficiently. When the graph represents a network
 which seeks to protect users' privacy in social networks and increase the usability of the published anonymized data. Its key idea is that it divides a node into two child nodes and only anonymizes sensitive values to satisfy anonymity requirements. The evaluation results show that our method can effectively improve the data utility as compared to generalized anonymizing algorithms. {\textcopyright} 2016 by the authors."
 Shandong Province are regarded as critical and competitive financial organizations that make contribution to the economic development of Ji'nan City and control loan risk. This paper analyses the original customer data from a company of Ji'nan City and then predicts overdue status of customers with improved Back Propagation algorithm (improved BP algorithm) by adding momentum coefficient and learning rate
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
cited By 3
 and also they are time-consuming. The social network-based requirement engineering approaches may enable us to cope with the limitations of traditional approaches and it also enables customers to play a prominent role in requirement engineering process. The aim of our work is to boost the customer participation in requirement engineering process and to know their current demands in order to respond quickly. In this paper
 we proposed a new method by using entropy of words. To extract the feature
 current networks do not exploit this rich diversity and often operate far below the available capacity. We design
 and that the dominant personality model is the same in both scientific and conspiracy echo chambers. Moreover
 information is conveyed. Some studies have found Twitter and Facebook to be important tools for social organization and facilitating political involvement. Others
cited By 6
 with experience of diabetes or a common mental health disorder (CMHD). We found that the online activities of these young adults were diverse; they ranged from regular production and consumption (‘prosumption') of health-related user-generated content to no engagement with such content. Our analysis suggested three main types of users: ‘prosumers' ‘tacit consumers' and ‘non-engagers'. A key determinant of participants' engagement with resources related to diabetes and CMHDs in the online environment was their offline experiences of support. Barriers to young adults' participation in online interaction
 and political affiliation classification)
 and are robust to modest parameter settings. The contribution of this paper lies in two aspects. First
 I explore whether young adults who use SNS are more likely to condone religious pluralism and syncretism. Using panel data from the National Study of Youth and Religion
 using multiple data sources that capture social
 we presented new product concepts to both digitally engaged and digitally unengaged groups of older people for critique and re-design. The concepts were based on familiar devices and included a Photo Phone concept for multimedia communication
 it is then measured to uncover the underlying reason for this spatio-temporal distribution of population. The result demonstrates that as urban functions become more mixed
 we find that the combination of the volume and momentum of searches from Google Trends surrounding pairs of simple keywords
 the trend is also true for offline scenarios with rapid growth of mobile devices such as smart phones
 for example
 we propose tangram
 the Impact Index is enhanced into the Exposure-Impact Index by considering in addition reviewers' breadth of expertise in the form of the number of destinations on which reviewers posted reviews. To examine the effectiveness and applicability of Impact Index and Exposure-Impact Index
 community structure
 such as the serious data sparsity problem and the cold start problem. Existing approaches cannot effectively solve these problems. Most of the existing recommendation approaches are based on single information source and cannot effectively solve the cold start and data sparsity problems. In addition
 SNS users in Korea were surveyed and a structural equation model was used to analyze and verify the hypotheses. The results showed that users exhibiting both a high degree of innovativeness and public individuation use SNS more frequently and in more diverse ways than users who exhibited lower degrees of innovativeness and public individuation. It was also found that SNS usage patterns are correlated with social capital. The results of this study contribute to SNS-related research work as this study focuses on the development of social capital—a key concept behind the creation and use of SNS—and allows for a deeper understanding of how the psychological traits of individual users affect SNS usage patterns and the development of social capital. This study also offers insights to the corporate sector by providing practical guidelines on how to utilize SNS more effectively. {\textcopyright} 2016 Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 correlations and so on. In the following work
 Science China Press and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg."
 k) anonymity model based on the eigenvector centrality of the nodes present in the raw graph. We further extend the ($\alpha$
 with the aim of estimating MPE accurately
 an important question arises: will it spread to “viral” proportions—where “viral” can be defined as an order-of-magnitude increase. However
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 have also been investigated. A size-l OS is a partial OS containing l nodes such that the summation of their importance scores results in the maximum possible total score. However
 Germany
 in the opinion of a team of experts
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 while others try their best to avoid association with a worldwide Muslim alliance and emphasize within-group variances. Though the opposing reactions might seem contradictory
 and the development of social culture effect continue to improve. {\textcopyright} 2016
 rather than providing explanation of the spatial-network patterns revealed. Full interpretation of the pattern must rely on the attribute data and additional information. This may illustrate the value of an integrated approach in geographical analysis using both social network analysis and spatial analysis techniques. {\textcopyright} 2016
 in particular
 and as proposed in the study
 to the active learning task. Specifically
 underrepresented minority young people with 180 contact hours of activities in digital media production to prepare them to pursue higher education and technology careers. A design-based research approach synthesizes staff interviews with student observations
 discussing their readings of representations of sexual diversity. In media from their country of origin
 we find that these gaffes proved particularly salient because they were interpreted as embodying an authentic representation of the candidate while simultaneously violating emergent norms of inclusive democratic public discourse. {\textcopyright} 2016 Eastern Sociological Society"
 and comprehensive conceptualization of serial rape. Next
 deserving of support and membership in Europe. It can also be seen as a commodification of blackness
 and degree (number of social ties) are considered for sociality. The results show that people tend to have a more similar behavior with their closer ties for most of considered individual behavior indicators
 often in combination. Motivations for participating in the marketing exchanges were based on social relationships alongside WaSH needs
 and the reconstructing time only slightly fluctuates with the sampling rate. The algorithm is suitable for applications in multimedia data processing with fixed transmission delays. {\textcopyright} 2015
 we explore the procedural enthymeme as a rhetorical tactic for human and nonhuman persuasion by looking at three case studies of commonly used technological “matching” systems—search engines (Google)
 the correlation between feature and label is evaluated. After a series of analysis and experiments
cited By 0
 the article shows how the authorities apply a Leninist mass-communication logic to the web
 but which came to be known as ""Visually-impaired musicians' lives"" (VIML). VIML was led at the UCL Institute of Education
 environmental studies
 once a judge succeeds in making such a prima facie case
 the contributors all share a passion for deriving cultural meaning from the context in which they were found. It will be proven that small finds can have big implications when an anthropological framework is employed during analysis. {\textcopyright} 2016
 and RF interference could all combine so as to result in an interruption in ECG streaming until channel quality recovers. To mitigate against this hard limit on channel quality (i.e. the cliff effect)
 non-formal education created by youth is a powerful force in re-affirming tradition and transformation. Hip-hop becomes a medium to create alternative educational projects addressing the needs of youth in San Francisco
 while stakeholders have varying opinions regarding sustainable development
 other pertinent documents held by the Commonwealth Department of Health and Aging
 cross entropy and hard decision aided combined with weighted extrinsic information exchange for cases with medium and high SNRs
 identifying mereological
cited By 4
 i.e.
 where the faulty interpretation of signs may lead to decimation of whole evolutionary lines of organisms. A new concept of Evolutionary memory which is applicable to both human and biological semiosis is explained as the combination of two processes; one leading to diversity generation within semiotic scaffolds followed by a second process of decimation of faulty signs during selection in specific learning environments. The analysis suggests that forbidden signs are always used as early stages in the iterative sign establishment process during semiosis. {\textcopyright} 2016
 the fitted model was shown to be equivalent across groups
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 including reduction of recidivism
 J and Terstyanszky
 the early permanent settlements were located in both high- and middle-ranked locations
 ignored the numerous efforts that CC has engaged in to build an inclusive group school
 violent experiences
 and parents with higher levels of educational achievement
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 as ‘disorientating'
 in order to achieve a greater market share
 respectively. The user's application usage of feature level is visualized to the comparison through a circular-coordinate diagram. For the recommendation of new supplement and substitute devices
cited By 0
 Think Like an Astronaut
 including alternative predictors of applicants' enrollment decisions in the model (e.g.
 such as the analytical concept of house societies
 ADHD symptom severity
 i.e. the user community of that gateway can access all the cloud types enabled by the integrated system presented. {\textcopyright} 2016
 order and progress
 it is nonetheless 'taking hold' within a pluralised policing landscape where its effectiveness at apprehending child sex offenders is capturing public attention. While the emergence of digital vigilantism raises normative questions of where the boundaries of citizen involvement in policing affairs might be drawn
 reported different understandings of the history of segregation
 social trust and sense of community. While spirituality may directly predict life satisfaction
 children's computational thinking (CT) strategies varied by method of instruction as students who participated in holistic game development (i.e.
 we contribute to our understanding of emerging racial/ethnic stratification hierarchies by examining the position of the racial/ethnic composition categories relative to one another. Our results suggest a persistent link between racial/ethnic composition and supermarket location
 and at the same time security issues are considered to override information services. This paper proposes a communication protocol based on hash lock
 two principals
 when using source adaptive routing
 we find that chairs only have limited knowledge of family friendly policies and face different incentives and constraints in pursuing more. Chairs prove more committed to family friendly policies if departments embrace a diversity strategy. Those aspiring to move up in the administrative hierarchy are more likely to champion policies of unpaid family leave
 including interviews with police officers
 the article explores how cosmopolitan the EU is in these fields
 aiming to serve the needs of professional stewardship. It demonstrates the disconnect of this theorization with the rich historical traditions of museum curatorship where the notion of curation originated
 in particular
 and supporting a trial-and-error approach in choosing courses. This paper proposes a collaborative recommender system
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 where the application of sophisticated techniques within the evolutionary computation field needs to be considered. In this paper
 making smart phones extremely popular. However
 we desire a common programming model for the benchmarks that facilitates code portability across a wide variety of different processors (e.g.
 based on three concepts: professional rules
 26 {\%} African American) recruited via probability sampling. When we compared perceptions of men's and women's sexual motives
 energy savings
 such as international migration or cultural diversity
 we introduce cooperative strategies between the swarms that already proved their efficiency in multi-swarm optimization algorithm(Ring
 which in turn were associated with more post-traumatic symptoms. On the other hand
 the improvement degree of every aggregate function is proposed as the fitness function
 family support
 that this computational version of absolutism fails to come through on its promises. In MT
 the measurement data are generated by block-wise compressive sensing (BCS)
 and practices that is pervasive and of critical importance in our highly technological
 which is called positive influence; if fishes are swimming against ocean current
 a preexisting research
 we investigate late propagation separately for each of the three clone types (Type 1
 but not with more unsupportive behaviors. Higher levels of emotional over-involvement significantly mediated the relationship between a history of sexual abuse and supportive and unsupportive parenting practices. {\textcopyright} 2016
 but the areas of grassland
 along with an increase in IT knowledge
 with a random sample from the population of the city (the Vivalla area excluded) as the comparison reference point
 and its frequent racialization as 'white
cited By 10
 “medium” and “low” temporal homicide trends. Time series models highlight variation in which characteristics contributed to the distinct race-specific homicide trends by trajectory group. Conclusions Together
cited By 0
 which adopts a widely used language as medium of instruction in all classes. Three years into the program
 newspapers
 we propose a novel user interaction feature that facilitates effective comparison amongst alternative storylines or variations. We review existing storyboarding practices
"Vuong
 there was a trend towards customized e-Applications and social networks to satisfy the personnel recruiting requirements of specific industries and types of business. In this paper an analysis of e-Applications used for recruiting purposes is performed as well as for a cofounder search in the ICT-sector; emphasis is placed on the subsector of technology startups. {\textcopyright} 2016 ACM."
"Feister
 useful-buzz
 and data analysis. The BigDAWG polystore seeks to provide a mechanism to allow applications to transparently achieve the benefits of diverse databases while insulating applications from the details of these databases. Associative arrays provide a common approach to the mathematics found in different databases: sets (SQL)
 A and Bansal
 network applications
cited By 1
 extraversion had a positive effect on an individual's network size
 the Watts-Strogatz small world model
 uncertainty in the tags actually used
 cascade measures
 we explore models based on the posts of users who interact with multiple political organizations. We present a quantitative and qualitative analysis of the results of models using different features
 the ideal message sorting method that enhances access to diverse information depends on the network type and information access patterns. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 this workshop invites reflection on how practitioners and researchers are approaching oral performance in particular
 collaboration
 and have better efficiently compared to naive strategies and scale well with the size of the data. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 Na{\""{i}}ve Bayes
cited By 0
 we compute decision boundary for detecting the binary phase shift keying (BPSK) modulated signal. In addition
 Q{\&}A
 the genre's defining rhetorical situation moved from journalism to venture capital
 always from a multimedia perspective
 especially in relation to digital issues. Because of this
 convenience and student engagement in an educational context and tests their influence on social media usage. A pilot test is conducted for the initial version of the study. A few items are revised based on the pilot test data. All items in the questionnaire are measured on a 5-point Likert scale. Hypotheses were tested with structural equation modeling based on 301 usable survey responses from campus students in Malaysia. The results indicated that informal learning
 and search the travel heterogeneous information to produce human-expected results. Therefore
"Zhou
 and it was also the most studied communication technology followed by mobile phone
 and members of the public-are now deploying politically tinged visuals to push their agendas at every stage of high-stakes
 business social ties through mobile communication decreases. Furthermore
 self-efficacy
 monetary deprivation and personal innovativeness could positively influence users' switching intentions. Networks of obligation was found to have no significantly direct influence on switching intentions
 does not depend on the spatial discretization scheme chosen
 as well as the possibility of shifting its authenticity through recreations or infantilization to appeal to different audiences. {\textcopyright} 2016
 in a simple and efficient way
 a continuous trauma took place in the form of protests against the established political system. After the directly affected countries received their independence in 1991
 and to which attention has only recently been paid in academia (Fusco
 we believe that directing the lost of information onto artifacts could bring an elegant solution to this issue. In this paper
 a significantly larger key space can be achieved. The proposed scheme removes correlation among image pixels via random chaotic sequences
 that minimize residential (i.e.
 we ask whether randomness is necessary for equilibria to exist in finitely repeated games. We show that for a large class of games containing arbitrary two-player zero-sum games
 and in this context lack of agreement implies that sender and receiver may not agree on the “prior” from which information is being generated. Most classical mechanisms for compressing turn out to be non-robust when sender and receiver do not agree on the prior. Juba et al. (Proc. ITCS 2011) showed that there do exists compression schemes with shared randomness between sender and receiver that do not share a prior that can compress information down roughly to its entropy. In this work
 largely social images and tags. Differing from existing feature learning approaches that relyon high-quality image-label supervision
 or sound recordings. It serves three purposes: It modifies Krippendorff's definition which turned out to behave not as expected when applied to more than two observers
 and multidimensional phenomenon; (2) applying a violent events perspective to measuring the dynamics of violence in relationships; and (3) promoting a transformative change at the level of social policy that would embrace both women's and men's diverse experiences of PV
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we developed a framework for authenticating a user efficiently through a subset of available authentication modalities along with their several features (authentication factors) in a time-varying operating environment (devices
 but the multimedia analysis methods that can automatically generate this metadata are currently not reliable enough for highly diverse multimedia content. A reliable and automatic method for analyzing general multimedia content is needed. We introduce a domain-agnostic framework that annotates multimedia resources using currently available multimedia analysis methods. By using a three-step reasoning cycle
 multi-hop relaying
 one based on values of national unity
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 1
 we propose a concept for supporting a collaboration augmentation of devices used in the IoT. The Device-Rank for the augmenting collaboration of things proposed in this paper is a technology used to rate IoT things based on diverse elements such as the frequency with which users use individual things
"Choi
 fading acts as a friend not a foe. {\textcopyright} 2016
 students are habituated into thinking of democracy as an “enduring pluralism” in which their fates are connected to that of their fellow citizens. In this paper I recast shared fate education in the singular to an education of shared fates in the plural. By doing so I theorize how citizenship education might construct citizenship as relational
 in different ways
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 so that the computational complexity is lowered. Moreover
 and how
 assemble and conceptualise existing OERs to respond to diverse learning needs of students and support a variety of learning approaches for a given learning goal is a challenge. In this work
 recently independent nation
 highlighting the tensions created by the interaction of policy with the material and ideological concerns of the individual actors. The findings describe how the interests of staff members both aligned and conflicted with each other and with the values embedded in the dual language policy. The study also reveals the influence of the local school district central office and brings to the surface disagreements amongst the staff about the appropriate role of the central office in the policy implementation process. This study suggests that the diverse material interests and ideologies of individual actors are important factors in the language policy implementation process. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and school belonging
 negative child attributions
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and tonk perfectly makes sense in terms of the identity of proofs. Indeed
 and mathematics (pSTEM)
 provides implications for how teacher educators can support TCs in ways that are responsive to their personalized questions
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 power
 and thus it is expected to be applied in server systems. In this paper
 R and Pazare
 ideal and average cases
 researchers noted the nature of activity structure and various student demographic variables. Additionally
 which covers the IEEE 802.11 b/g/n and WiMAX bands. By switching the input port
 theorized socialized culture as habitus
 thus can achieve modulation diversity and space-time-frequency diversities as much as possible. A simple efficient optimal precoder selection criterion is put forward for this scheme. Based on the analysis of average mutual information
 a joint pre-processing co-channel interference cancellation (JPCIC) method is proposed. The JPCIC is analyzed in both the perfect and the imperfect channel state information. The dependence of channel capacity on the number of antenna elements in every subset
 biometric
 leading to higher QoE for end users. The proposed self-adaptive FEC-based mechanism (SHIELD) uses several video characteristics and specific VANETs details to safeguard real-time video streams against packet losses. One of the main contributions of this work is the combined used of network density
 physical layer
 who innovated various epistolary genres to raise their political voices. New epistolary practices facilitated their collective activism
 labour or as sacrificial offerings and that pork and beef were the main sources of animal protein for the population. High status individuals had elevated $\delta$15N values (10.2 ± 0.6‰) compared to medium (8.9 ± 0.3‰) and lower status (8.8 ± 0.8‰) individuals
 data-driven program development methods have not been described. Method The authors examined scholarly concentration programs at U.S. medical schools that U.S. News {\&} World Report ranked as top 25 for research or primary care (n = 43 institutions)
 filtering
 a rule-based fusing approach is adopted subsequently to generate user-based lexicon features in combination with general lexicon features. Experiments show that user-based features may capture potential user preferences hence adjusting the bias caused by representing an individual's sentiment with an averaged lexicon score
 broad interests
 we present a simulation model of conditions that lead to PI in social networks. We use it to show that PI can emerge from interpersonal interactions and to confirm some well-known hypotheses about PI. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 the hospitals are selected. The messages posted in Twitter called tweets are used for comparison of the sentiments of the patients that are correlated to the hospitals selected. The comparison shows the popularity of a hospital among patients at the time of ailment. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 surveillance and detection of every type of object
 S K and Yadav
 TDS is very fast and robust
 search results are collected from popular content-sharing websites such as Flickr. Aim of the algorithm is
 we transform the problem into a subtractive form and then solve it using a Dinkelbach-based optimal algorithm
 ethnic/race
 we investigate four-dimensional (4D) constellations for the forward link. Second
 it is essential that the communication can be maintained even if the cellular infrastructure is not available due to a coverage hole or a temporary network failure. In this paper
 due to the high price of drugs
cited By 0
cited By 3
 an approach that combines Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing techniques to detect traffic incidents posted on Twitter is proposed. The viability and effectiveness of this approach was evaluated in a study case showing promising results. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 the network is firstly partitioned into a number of groups. Then
 because when you know the personal preference information
 so the causal impact of social media use remains unclear. The present study examines how Facebook use influences reported political participation using an experiment. We recruited young Greek participants without a Facebook account and randomly assigned a subset to create and maintain a Facebook account for a year. In this paper we examine the effect of having a Facebook account on diverse modes of online and offline participation after six months. We find that maintaining a Facebook account had clearly negative consequences on reports of offline and online forms of political and civic participation. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 and thus
 older adults who are economically
 in a transition class for newly arrived students and on Facebook. Both spaces are perceived as contact zones in the sense that they are culturally and linguistically complex. This article illustrates how the students perform cultural and linguistic resistance towards dominant homogenising discourses as the transition class and Facebook seem to offer opportunities for constructing alternative stories. Moreover
 with different opinions just a click away. This view thus argues that polarization would not be especially problematic on these outlets. Exploiting the variation among members of the U.S. House of Representatives in measured positions of political ideology
 which is able to access multiple social media platforms to help users answer the question ""What's in my Backyard?"". In doing so
 exposure to dissenting political opinion
 and leisure. {\textcopyright} 2016
 spatial and temporal metadata) to address above-mentioned social media problems in our doctoral research. We present our approaches
 particularly the use of significantly more “less frequent words” in the informal physical contexts
 Netflix) and social media accounts (e.g.
 besides the cascade popularity
 differential self-presentation
 videos can be geo-tagged (e.g.
 and Pinterest-provide linear feeds that show people the latest content
 the social
 we found significant peer influence on between-gender components of GI-intergroup bias among 7th and 8th graders as well as felt pressure for gender conformity among 8th graders. In contrast
cited By 1
 in a short period of time
 it is present in social networks expressed as user opinions. Furthermore
 elite patient travellers and the dominance of cosmetic surgery
 and represented in television
 though thislast effect was moderated by self-monitoring. Exposure to muscular-ideal images also predicted increasedbody anxiety and body modification endorsement. No Violence ± Muscularity interaction effects wereobserved. Mediation analyses indicated that the effect of violent narratives on body image was notmediated by activation of stereotypical masculinity
 the women's rights developments are only linked in a quarter of all reports to the EU accession process. {\textcopyright} 2016 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 as there is wide diversity of family systems - complex phenomena of kinship behaviour and values and norms - across regions
 this paper focuses on the changing terms of asserting religious authority in the newly liberalised media context. Based on an analysis of the innovative formats and modes of editorial control characterising contemporary religious shows
 to be truly application-specific
 linear approximation probability and differential approximation probability. Additionally
 Mishra et al. showed that Chuang and Chen's protocol is not only vulnerable to multiple attacks but also suffers from the drawback of variation of biometric data. To overcome these weaknesses
 ages 18–25 years-old) from diverse ethnic backgrounds. In the Heterosexual Dating Double-Standards Scale
 to traditional pretesting methods. Using three crowdsourcing designs (TryMyUI
 which is divided into two parts: historical trust assessment and trust prediction. We can quantify a node's historical trust based on its historical behaviors via introducing multiple trust attributes. The fuzzy AHP method based on entropy weights is used to calculate the weight of trust attributes. By making use of the obtained historical trust data sequence
 we propose a framework
 this article interrogates the manifestation of Steyn's ‘ignorance contract' in one form of symbolic expression in the media
 by systematically exploring how diversity is dealt with in two separate national contexts
 and subsequently evaluated for its usability in practice. {\textcopyright} 2016
 cognitive
 paper-based general collections threatens to destroy evidence that will be required for research and future digitization projects. These materials will be needed as backups to accurately regenerate screen copies; as master copies to augment
 our method is the first progressive algorithm to handle polygonal non-manifold models. For geometry and connectivity encoding of triangular manifolds and non-manifolds
 with a result structuring that goes beyond ranked lists
cited By 1
 for a manufacturer
 which can result in two different power allocation schemes. Numerical results are provided to validate the theoretical analysis
 however
 such as fading margin
 past and present
 or child welfare personnel. 59.8 {\%} of children were male and the average age was 7.05 years. Results indicated that parental depressive symptoms were significantly correlated with dysfunctional discipline including laxness
 such as the architecture of the mind and our rationality. {\textcopyright} 2015
 which was administered in three demographically diverse Canadian school districts to 5026 grade 4 students (83 {\%} of the students had complete data and were included in the analyses). Multiple regression and mediation analyses were conducted to examine the joint associations of social relationships with adults and peers
 the proposed image retrieval technique was more robust to geometric transforms such as rotated and scaled in the retrieval technique using the general radon transform and standard hough transform
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Brazil and the Appalachian region of the United States. They were asked for their perspectives on how successful ecopedagogy can be defined within the contexts in which they taught and conducted research. The second study analysed how 18 international expert scholars of citizenship and/or environmental pedagogy from six world continents regarded the ways in which citizenship intersects with environmental issues and the pedagogies of both in an increasingly globalised world
 the purpose of the current study was to expand the nascent research area in arts interventions by evaluating an expressive art intervention offered to youth through a positive youth development program located in several public housing neighborhoods. Quasi-experimental design was applied to test the impact of a poetry-focused art intervention on self-reported perceptions of academics
 and derive the rank transformations using quantiles of predictors for a cluster. We fit the universal model on the transformed data of 1
 Giorgio Agamben
 and promptly. Major research challenges for managing emergency situations are identified and discussed. We also present a platform to assimilate heterogeneous data streams for intelligently detecting evolving environmental situations
 thus the modified one dimension Kalman filtering algorithm is proved to converge to a balance state of consistency and stabilization. Secondly
 and therapist factors associated with PPE in a sample of racially/ethnically diverse parent–child dyads receiving publicly-funded
 associations between child-reported PA and parent-reported problems differed by type of ADHD comorbidity. Findings suggest that at higher levels
 we use a decision theoretic approach to derive the notion of activity suggestions
 1.90]
 with each examiner viewing student performance from different lenses. However
 49.1 {\%} female; 43 {\%} Non-Hispanic White
 (b) grounded in social constructivism
 and intention to increase involvement by 2020. Farmers who are: younger
 it is as yet unclear how these methods perform on collections with characteristics different than what they were designed for
 a novel storage optimization method is introduced. Finally
 we present SWIRLS
 portable X-ray fluorescence spectrometer (pXRF)
 especially regarding the increasing need to incorporate and serve diverse individuals and communities. {\textcopyright} 2016 ACM."
 the basic KH algorithm with all its operators is utilized while in the second method
 because the formation of communities is based on nodes' various preference of fields of interest
 sampling provides an alternate solution to analyze in an efficient manner and thereby minimizing the computation time. Sampling should represent the properties of the entire dataset. Many sampling techniques such as Reservoir sampling(RS) is used to extract the sample. In our proposed work
cited By 1
 we propose a trust-based influence model
cited By 0
 as follow: Firstly
cited By 0
 we established a model for dynamic frame aggregation that adjusts frame size to network load. Relative results show optimal performance in terms of delay throughput and bandwidth management. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 increasing to more than 97{\%} with a sliding confidence threshold. We discuss how such a model might be used to improve the experience of smartphone users in application areas such as recommender systems and social media."
 since air quality is affected by multiple factors (e.g.
 and uses semantic relations for recommend- ing movies closely related to these topics. We explain the used algorithms and show that our system provides highly relevant recommendations. {\textcopyright} 2016 Copyright held by the owner/author(s)."
 to allocate price according to multimedia packet importance in terms of distortion reduction. Specifically
cited By 1
 so it seems effective to prioritize website categories for edge computing. In this paper
 the ‘class conflict' frame
 and sidestep the political dimensions of their intercultural friendships by diminishing issues of racism as well as other forms of social stratification. Ultimately
 and competitive superiority – were examined. Of the major findings
 the purpose of this study is to create an inventory of the ways in which English can facilitate
 but there is no sustained online electoral connection. {\textcopyright} 2016
 I created a Facebook application that collects social media posts produced by forty-two organ donation advocacy organizations over 1.5 years
 and interrupting power dynamics as activism strategies enhanced by social media. Further
 showing its effectiveness and viability. Although Twitter spambot detection is a specific use case on a specific social media platform
 Twitter is one social media platform that is being used in innovative ways to support communities. This study explores learning as a motivation for participating in the successful Twitter-based CoP Health Care Social Media Canada ({\#}hcsmca). {\#}hcsmca uses tweet chats (planned synchronous discussions aggregated by a hashtag) to engage in robust dialogues associated with learning and knowledge creation. Interviews with 24 {\#}hcsmca community members show that learning is a fundamental motivator for participation in the community. Twitter was found to be a platform that enables learning for {\#}hcsmca members
 advocacy groups
cited By 2
 and discussion. Due to the increasing popularity of Twitter
 we present our concept of the social ecosystem in contemporary devices and we attempt to distinguish the different communities that occur from the integration of social networking in our lives. In addition
"Walker
cited By 0
cited By 0
 and showed the feasibilities and advantages. The inadequacies as well as the further research directions were proposed. {\textcopyright} 2015
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and public opinion in relation to nuclear energy within a broader political and media-structural analysis. Using W. L. Bennett's (1990) indexing hypothesis as its theoretical foundation
 histogram and correlation of adjacent pixels to attackers. Also the proposed scheme has the wide key space and is so safe to the noise ratio and compression. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and to allow for sufficient entrepreneurial flexibility towards new business opportunities. {\textcopyright} 2016 Intellect Ltd Article."
 and avalanche effect differential analysis. The results demonstrated that
 the diversity
 contexts are desired walking linear speed of the gait. Current approaches for learning control parameters of biped locomotion controllers are typically only applicable for a single context. They can be used for a particular context
 the centers. Collectively
"Burch
 yet
 thereby affecting community well-being. We draw on theory and research in sociology
 and descriptions of community activities. Using Benedict Anderson's construct of “imagined communities” as a framework
 or on mixed linguistic repertoires combining ‘Coloured Afrikaans' and English. Which of the two linguistic options dominates depends on the interactants' race
 major
 overlaps are desirable as in most real-world graphs there are vertices that belong to more than one community
 there is a need for a better understanding of the mechanisms through which relatedness is developed and how policy affects existing and emerging relatedness. Certain mechanisms for knowledge transfer have been suggested
 together with rate adaptive codes results in better compression with reduced coding complexity. Our experimental results show that skip block based DSC coded scheme
"Li
 S D and Zhang
 alongside traditional school literacies
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 as eye-catchers in presentations
 transportation science
 M.-J. and Kang
 Recognizing Self in Others
 examining how threats to mobulids are framed. Through this framing a discourse is created
 two channels of color image is used simultaneously. In order to raise the security
 fuzzy Bellman-Zadeh
 for the next phase this approach has been designed to support the proposed LOMM and it is expected that it could be readily applied to other e-learning systems and digital repositories. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and explain why they answered the way they did. Interviews were audio recorded and transcribed prior to analysis. The gender status questions were found to be easy to use and understood by both trans and cis participants. The two-question gender status measure was able to encompass a diversity of identities within a trans sample and be consistently answered by the study's cis participants. The measures were able to differentiate between trans and cis groups. The two-step gender measure can be a useful tool in examining gender diversity within general population studies. {\textcopyright} 2016
 we exploit microdata census samples for urban Canada
 varying actors and outcomes. Many people have abandoned their privacy to participate in public actions of solidarity
 we have elegantly employed the Fuzzy rule base technique
cited By 3
 many of whom live with family through the emerging adult years. This exploratory analysis employs interview data from a racially and socioeconomically diverse sample of 85 college attending emerging adults who live with or proximate to family to explore how families of origin shape interpersonal relationships. Findings show that family members impart both direct and indirect socialization messages that encourage career development over relationship formation. Families also engage in surveillance of emerging adults
 splitting
 leading to more deliberation of service providers and an incipient knowledge alliance for social innovation in this field. This has the potential to implement evidence-based policy-making as well as fostering social cohesion by striking the balance between equal access to housing for all and awareness of divergent needs of a socioculturally diverse population. {\textcopyright} 2015
 if not hopeless task. In particular
 and the factors that are likely to distinguish the groups
 tending to concentrate their funds in these instruments. The opposite pattern was revealed in the behavior of self-trusting investors. These subjects not only invested in less risky instruments
 human rights and grassroots empowerment. This article analyzes the case of the Strong Egypt party (SEP) in the wake of the 2011 uprising in Egypt. It problematizes the identity of the party and its location in the ideological and political spectrum in Egypt. The article argues that the SEP claims a mixture of cultural conservatism
 but only for those students coming from predominantly negative racial environments—low racial diversity and more negative racial experiences. Our findings highlight the complex role of past and present racial environmental factors in influencing psychological health. Implications for African American college students' success and well-being are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2016
 taxonomic identifications
 internal conflict mediation
 mental
 and by the Square Coefficient method for activity recognition. {\textcopyright} 2016
 one of the key technologies of intelligent traffic system
 sex (man = 43.4 {\%})
 TRT analysis of D-BLAST with successive interference cancellation receiver detecting a symbol at once is investigated. Based on the derived expressions
 middle-class marriage market
 with its implications for legitimising the underpinnings of Cuban socialism. Although the shift has been well below the threshold of a transition to multiparty democracy
 towards non-Salafis and towards possible opponents of Salafism
 and that it fosters misguided interpretations of dynamical models' contribution. In order to support these arguments
 I seek to move forward discussions of transparency in China
 Criteria
 diverse sample of male and female adolescents [48 {\%} female; 30 {\%} non-White
 loneliness
 and result in enhancing overall balance between performances and utilization of system. The experimental evaluation with the four realistic workload patterns demonstrates that
 desired
 the differences in cyberbullying between collective and individualistic societies and the effect of gender bias on the likelihood of engaging in cyberbullying. Two cultural contexts in Israel were explored: one representing a collectivist orientation (Arab-Muslim and Arab-Christian culture)
 and that we can better appreciate the character and strength of their affective pull by drawing out the fantasmatic aspects of the narratives expressing Greek national and economic identity. Conversely
 race
 we describe the substantial differences in within-country income inequality on the global scale
 the management software for the datacenters should be redesigned and used in a software-defined way to dynamically allocate “right” resources to workloads based on different characteristics of workloads so that they can decrease the cost of their operation while meeting the service level objectives such as satisfying the latency requirement. However
 second order statistics including level crossing rate and average fade duration (AFD) are extracted from measurements. It is shown that the beam switching reduces the AFD. Furthermore
 Archer 2000). One reason is that there is no consensus among scholars about the notion of agency
 and justify their availability by assessing nine conventional algorithms. Through an experiment based on 462 handwriting measurements from 19 subjects
 as the additional yet useful resource
 or if quantization noise is basically added to digital signals
 I report on how the institution implemented this partial English-medium instruction program for the first time in Spain
 which have perpetuated a myth of scientific objectivity devoid of bias
 the urban age thesis has become a form of doxic common sense around which questions regarding the contemporary global urban condition are framed. This article argues that
 those who read the Public Health Crisis and Personal Responsibility articles expressed more belief in the health risks of being fat (ds = 1.28 to 1.79)
 we first study several complexity factors caused by the locally-active cloud resource. And then we extended the {\&} Local Activity Principle {\&} concept with a quantitative measurement based on Entropy Theory. Furthermore
 the target set of customers in the market place and most importantly
 13(3)
 it is obvious that topics detected by our method has a lower perplexity
 we present the first multi-dimension SMAC (MD-SMAC) system for social media sharing
 named Heterogeneity Entropy Neural Network (HENN)
 considers the roles
 and purchase intention toward the brand. Our findings suggest that distinct content types indeed lead to diverse perceptions of benefits - informational
 with each passing day
 enabling more aggressive utilization of provisioned data center power. However
 called Ghost buffer Assisted and Self-tuning Algorithm (GASA). GASA reduces expensive flash write operations by evicting cold clean pages preferentially and maintains reasonable buffer hit ratios via a ghost buffer. In addition
 though the majority of Tumblr users are considered to be young people and young adults
 we encourage geographers to think about where cultural geography is and where it is headed by considering three areas of interest: dis/locating provocations; re/defining culture; and changing geographies. {\textcopyright} 2016 Informa UK Limited
 R"
 (party) diversity
cited By 2
 etc.
 photographs and video documentation
 participatory assemblies and their intersections and overlaps-participation in plural-in our study. We conclude by proposing the conceptualization of reflexive engagement as an orientation for PD designers to engage in the particularities of situated design practices
 we consider the gamification approach to sentimentally classify tweets and we propose TSentiment
 gene-regulatory networks
 digitally derived network data
 the self-exciting processes
 and a sample of nodes that have been reported as infected. The goal is to recover the flow of the spread
 which is the predominant type of data in Web 2.0 applications
 we study the problem of mining a set of diversified temporal subgraph patterns from a temporal graph
 disaster management to biology and epidemiology. The state of the art (e.g.
 the hierarchical structure of the content groups
 non-institutional actors (e.g. bloggers) conformed less than institutional players (e.g. governments and news media) to that structure. This study also found that non-institutional actors assumed the role of bridging news sources and audiences
 and allow for the types of major innovations we have seen in music
cited By 7
 and (c) mixed political networks. Based on online surveys of representative samples of Italian and German individuals who posted at least one Twitter message about elections in 2013
 such as brands
 our proposed recommendation solution is able to effectively learn from users' abundant auxiliary information on Twitter for enhanced user modeling and well address the typical problems in a unified framework. In this framework
 we propose a social re-ranking system for tag-based image retrieval with the consideration of an image's relevance and diversity. We aim at re-ranking images according to their visual information
 eigenvector centrality
 this article examines the use practices and meanings associated with SMS texting in today's complex and evolving mediascape. This article argues that SMS texting is becoming re-domesticated
 and a practical social purpose
"Borden
 computer games
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 S"
 while for Romanians
 sharpening
 it is inferred that the proposed method is suitable for copyright protection applications where high degree of robustness is desirable. {\textcopyright} 2016
 rather than creating prejudice by using 'New Zealand passport holder'
 and evaluating a pronominal resolution system based on the analysis results. The approach achieved a 0.84 F-measure in testing with 9
 which provide a space for readers to anonymously criticize brutal police practices
 economic and cultural) in FiF students' experiences. Results: The absence of health professionals within participants' networks (social capital) was experienced as a barrier to connecting with fellow students and accessing placements. Financial concerns were common among interviewees who juggled paid work with study and worried about expenses associated with the medical programme. Finally
 we first explored the individual roles of head word position
 we introduce a novel IoT architecture able to support security
cited By 0
cited By 0
 can suffer from unexpected data loss
 and chaotic perturbation mechanism are incorporated to significantly improve the performance of the algorithm. The feedback phase is used to enhance the learning style of the students and to promote the exploration capacity of the TLBO. The mutation crossover operation of DE is introduced to increase population diversity and to prevent premature convergence. The chaotic perturbation mechanism is used to ensure that the algorithm can escape the local optimal. Simulation results based on ten unconstrained benchmark problems and five constrained engineering design problems show that the ITLBO algorithm is better than
 topological shortest path
 few presented elements of evolution
 and feedback integration
 for 48 countries—provides robust evidences for a non-linear impact of income distribution on social tolerance. This impact appears to be U-shaped and displays a pronounced degree of asymmetry. Also
"Banks
 the change of vrăh into vărhove is not optimal
 vol 4. The African Bookman
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 dynamic environment and so on. This paper considers four kinds of transmission cost comprehensively
 we perform two human experiments: we quantify human scene recognition accuracy
 Asian Indian Americans
 world views
 followed by the identification of the critical factors which affect curriculum design and policy making. It uses these factors to highlight how each of them operates in Mauritius to create a web of complexity which makes interreligious education extremely volatile. This is followed by an overview of religious education in the Mauritian schooling system
 policy control) and community connectedness (community connections
 teachers need to cultivate their own intercultural competence. However
 I argue that primitive pluralism about reasons lacks sufficient normative unity and structure. But Kantian constructivism about reasons faces a dilemma of its own: Either a conception of rationality is thick enough to capture the reasons of commonsense
 and the close parallels and interactions that they exhibit have been mostly overlooked to date. We point out two key properties common to these phenomena: (i) they target all types of coordination
 self-perceived typicality
 their channel conditions
 causing an astronomical damage at an increasing state. This has led to the demand for a more convenient and cutting-edge enhanced security solutions. This demand has birthed the security authentication technology which merges biometrics and ICT capabilities. However
 Kua and the Cua. The paper will argue for these dialectal continuum harmonized orthography development as a resources that will benefit these endangered languages and facilitate their integration in educational and language use policies. Harmonization with Nguni and Yeyi languages will not be envisaged as they are not Khoisan
 in Seattle
 Urdu
 automatic
 woven into the debate on academic freedom (and academic boycott) with a view to identifying
 a simulation method that allows for examination procedures and images that are equal to those from an actual X-ray examination but without the exposure of X-rays is proposed. A suggestion is made on the method for creating an algorithm that uses images according to the changes in dose and size of images which are then used as part of a database in the radiography training simulator. A programming method that can bring corresponding images from images which were databased according to the examination procedures was proposed. In addition
 SME owners should not be thought of as uncritical profit maximizers but as actors in favour of positive low carbon futures. Thus the paper argues that Polanyian economic geographies and diverse economies perspectives
 3/4 and 5/6 and QPSK
 two overlapping subsamples (S1 and S2) were identified. First
 S and Nienstedt
 they drew on a diverse range of contextual factors such as their knowledge of the illness as well as the severity of their illness
 by taking the advantages of both deep learning and optimal two-sample matching. The framework constitutes two inter-dependent paradigms
 collision-free medium access is more appealing than recovering after collision for low-duty-cycle WSNs. In this work
 we propose a model where all the learning and e-learning elements are present and where the student is the focus and the one who decides what should be included in this learning environment in order to create a Customized Learning Environment. {\textcopyright} 2016 AISTI."
 this paper proposes a new timeline scheme that can quickly respond to user interactions and generate the timeline via proper signaling. Experiments validate that the newly developed method successfully controls the presentation process of customized requests in MMT system. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 at the same time
 religious attendance
 network
 and achieves very good runtime and scalability on a diverse collection of data and query graph pairs. We also provide a theoretical analysis of our algorithmic techniques
 we relax the aforementioned restrictions by considering a subset of all users as multi-user information in an incremental way to extend the personalization concept. Accordingly
 literary and cultural studies to offer alternatives to Europe and North America from which scholars might locate the vanguard for modernity
 while a significant part of the economic
 thus requiring a large number of time samples. Moreover
 complexity issues limit the amount of data that can be embedded in channel states using a single transmit unit. To address this shortcoming
 such as Healthcare
 we develop an analytical framework to model the relationship between energy consumption and goodput performance for real-time multimedia transmission to multihomed mobile devices. Second
"Biason
 email
 district youth
 and networked nature
 developmental psychology
 an account posting general news information is a non-targeting account
 and (4) the spatial distribution of different cultural groups within the community. We show fruitful insights about language usage on Twitter which can be exploited in language- based applications on top of tweets
 which suggest re-finding to be a regular activity and that Tweets can offer utility for longer than one might think. We shed light on re-finding strategies revealing that remembered people are used as a stepping stone to Tweets rather than searching for content directly. Bookmarking strategies reported in the literature are used infrequently as a means to re-access. Finally
 W and Anand
 we focus on this direction and develop a complete data-driven framework involving real-time user mobility pattern modeling and a novel user similarity measurement based on both spatial and temporal information. Through experimental evaluation
 and political expression on political attitudes
"Virta
 we would like to foreground these apparently irrelevant practices as an interesting site to reflect on how urban accessibility struggles might allow us to rethink the project of technical democracy and its applications to urban issues. Two cases are analyzed: (1) the creation of Streets for All
 key drivers for talking about racism were their children's experiences and racial issues reported in the media. For both parents and teachers
 growing xenophobic nationalism in Japan and Japanese hostility towards China and Korea indicate that neoliberal promotion of language learning does not automatically lead to improved international communication. Drawing on two separate qualitative studies involving Japanese workers
 equity
cited By 13
 LLC {\textcopyright} Zelda Chatten and Sarah Roughley."
 or if it represents a new form of networked “information colonialism.” Drawing on ethnographic research with the online development-oriented network projecthonduras.com
 in which two data collection phases were employed. The quantitative phase following the qualitative phase investigated the SMAC adoption and how the adoption of SMAC helped the organizations meet their missions. Overall
 diversity and size of social networks) and used three indictors for well-being. We find that social network does play a significant role on well-being but the impact is much smaller than that of class. We also find that class is more closely related to the formal than the informal domains of social network. Demographic attributes show some influences but social network
 and thus motivations. To evaluate media effects on interest and participation
 H"
 Copyright {\textcopyright} Taylor {\&} Francis Group
cited By 0
 and gained more access to local communities of practice. Over time
 because of reportage that is often tilted along ethnic and religious lines. using data obtained through participatory action research involving 40 purposively selected participant journalists
” we contend that a critical
 I sketch out the possibility that we are witnessing a new era of human rights news
 however
 inscriptions
 labeled text sentiment classification
 this essay explores the implications of Byrd's and Murphy's highly contentious collaboration for the interpretation of this work
 involves the real time mixing and merging of sound
 times
 freedom of expression
 it is suggested that pedagogy needs to go beyond essentialist language
 trading as Taylor {\&} Francis Group."
 such as academics. As for defining the group at stake
 and as knowledge of individual members of the network
 and offer collaboration options. I discuss individual PLE tools with examples and possible uses. I list implications for educators and individual learners. I conclude the discussion with ideas for future study of PLEs in formal and informal learning. {\textcopyright} 2016
 Akad{\'{e}}miai Kiad{\'{o}}
 SMS
 data quality and particular dependencies are identified as the three major issues and discussed in detail with an emphasis on past developments in bibliometrics. The heterogeneity of altmetrics reflects the diversity of the acts and online events
 however
 and civil liberties. Moreover
 we design a buffer management scheme that deletes messages whose removal would incur the least impact upon the network performance when the buffer overflows. Extensive real-trace driven simulation is conducted and the experimental results finally validate the efficiency of our proposed congestion control approach. {\textcopyright} 2015
 while addressing that method's practical limitations. We demonstrate the utility of the entropy balancing technique empirically
 but different interpretations of a single formal concept. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and a histogram is established to figure out how the particles distribute over the prototypes. Here
 ensuring its robustness. It has sharp wave speeds
 the bias can be expressed in a simple form. It incorporates Piling-up lemma as a special case. Secondly
 shows popular with female adolescents are more likely than shows popular with males to exhibit gender diversity. These results support the idea that adolescents seek out media messages with characters that are members of their identity groups
 reflecting diverse modes of engaging in online interactions
 What
"Arya
 after the encryption of 16-bit audio signals
 energy and homogeneity. Furthermore
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 but this negative effect is often eclipsed by the positive effect of making a news topic relevant to the individual. In many popular modern news consumption environments
 and structural conditions reduced inter-group mobile communication patterns. The Arab Israeli minority was more likely than the Jewish Israeli majority to engage in mobile communication with non-local ties and out-group members. Yet
 to elucidate symbolic and moral codes
 the ecological and the relationship with self. Attending to the different ethical dimensions supports the development of a plural relational ethics. Navigating ethical complexity requires embracing diverse and changing commitments. An ethics that takes account of these different dimensions supports an ethical praxis that is based on principles of flexibility and a dialogical relationship to the world and practice. {\textcopyright} 2016
 the OUCS jointly decides whether to cooperate and with whom to cooperate from the perspective of physical layer security. The secrecy outage performance of the OUCS is then derived. From the results we prove that full diversity can be achieved (i.e.
 Dice coefficient and average surface distance are used to do the quantitative evaluation. With the intra- and intersubject micro-CT mice images registration assessment
 and cultural diversity are key principles for successful institutional evolution. However
 previously considered by K{\""{o}}tzing and Molter [9]
 e.g. high transmission success rate for real-time applications and high throughput for best-effort applications. Firstly we propose a policy kth-UCB1 which is based on the UCB1 policy for multi-armed bandit problem but converges to the kth-best arm. Then we design a distributed order-optimal policy for multiple users accessing the rank-best channels according to their QoS requirements. The expected regret of proposed policy is proved to be logarithmic in the number of time slots and the simulation results implies it has better performance. {\textcopyright} 2016
 Black
 we derive the theoretical formulas for the ergodic capacity and average symbol error rate of the considered system. Moreover
 and the proposed scheme outperforms the conventional link quality-based scheme in both cooperative and non-cooperative relay networks. {\textcopyright} 2015
 simulation results show that even a small deviation of the channel estimates from the actual values will lead to a severe degradation of the outage performance of the considered system. {\textcopyright} 2016
 but it always performed quite well; while each of the other voting rules had identifiable regions of parameters in which they performed very poorly. By refining these parameters so that attention is focused on the particular model of group coherence that most closely reflects the voters' preferences in a given voting situation
 leads to the neglect of crucial cases in which the rationale for simplification is unmistakably epistemic
 political
 relay nodes can maintain the balance of energy dissipation
 Instituto Superior de Psicologia Aplicada
 and noise
 proprietary authorship
 making personal connections and engaging in helpful behaviour. Other teacher actions included drawing upon personal resources such as efficacy
 social class
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 salience)
 we did find gestational age
 7 {\%} mixed/biracial
 it is
 challenges in quality-of-service (QoS) provisioning arise due to the necessity for secondary users to vacate the channels when a primary user appears. In the underlay model
 are barely mentioned in the diverse and extensive research on Yizhar
 allocation-access strategies
 context-specific
 having more same-ethnic classmates lowered the odds for loneliness. We did not find any statistically significant association between the ethnic diversity of the school classes and loneliness. The study adds novel and important findings to how ethnicity in a school class context
 professional
 MIMO size
 we propose a method to construct a news story chain on a news corpus with date information. At last
 we developed a fast sampling algorithm for DPPs which takes advantage of the nature of some time-varying data (e.g.
 and as victims. We also conclude that there is need for media to capture the voices of migrant women recounting their everyday lived experiences in different political and socio-economic contexts in order to account for the migrant women's voices of resilience
 we interactively trained a classifier system via active learning
cited By 3
 the problem of graph stream summarization is to summarize G as SG with a much smaller (sublinear) space
 it provides a greater potential both to the buyers and sellers. We outline a solution to address this big data problem using information extraction
 networks and communities is crucial to both innovation and the functioning of democracy. We discuss examples of urban interfaces designed to play a key role in fostering this engagement. Based on an analysis of works empiricallygrounded in field observations and design research
 route looping
 lack of physical safeguards in nodes
 generating a story in narrative format
 personality and other demographic attributes of its author. This task is called author profiling
 and poetic experience
 the problem is viewed as close to a classical research: find transversals in hypergraphs
 this paper aims to examine the empirical foundations for these claims. Through secondary analysis of industry data on referrals of online news traffic
 in fact
 2010. The data were analyzed using linear regression analysis. Findings - The findings provide evidence of the values of two potentially significant predictors of online news use: a perception of bias in traditional media and preference for partisan news. In addition
 dynamic models and simulations
 etc. to create and to share information. Big Data management and integration has become the core of modern science. It brings benefits for scientific disciplines
 Clonal Selection
 university
 we examined the use of diverse media during the 2011 revolution. Our survey results show that higher perceptions of information reliability
 all generate enormous amount of data
 the amount of feedback and attention received from other members of the community do not show significant effects on the likelihood that a contributor proposes valuable ideas. Furthermore
 and event summarization from a large collection of multimedia content. However
 Darcy number (0.001=Da=0.1)
 name-face association and diversity-based ranking
cited By 1
 the next one is displayed. We ran a study to analyse how people read text paragraphs with diverse spatial layouts by tracking their gaze. Our preliminary results show that we may accurately track when people have read balloons in comic books. Our system needs to be improved regarding inter-and intra-person reading speed variations."
 mastery
 and delightful multi-device experiences. We uncovered three key challenges: 1) the difficulty in designing the interactions between devices
 to support crafting practice. We focus on the wire-wrapping process where physical wire is bent into complex shapes and build DF fixtures to aid with construction and fabrication. We explore how these proxies can be generated to provide users with different levels-of-assistance and evaluate how these proxies affect the making process. We show that our proxies affect quality and speed and yield different making experiences between novice and expert craftspeople. We derive design principles to inform future proxy design and discuss how approaches such as ProxyPrint that are designed aware of the medium can create more engaging making tools that can embed tacit knowledge
 education and work opportunities to create a new livelihood system for themselves. Nevertheless
 activity was focused on information diffusion
 Homo naledi
 we found that patients accurately used each prototype but completed some tasks faster with the Timeline HIP. Despite this advantage
 outgroup physical distance
cited By 7
 particularly at the doctoral level
 time machine
 the best classification accuracy scores were achieved for the combination of unigram and bigram features reduced by sentiment feature mapping (accuracy 78.3 {\%} for movie reviews and 79.2 {\%} for news test set). In 10-fold cross-validation
 which can also guarantee the sensitivity of plain image in the encryption process. So even a slight change in plain image can cause the complete change in cipher image. The experimental analysis shows that it can resistant different attacks
 highlighting the critical role played by parents
cited By 1
"Dhal
 from BBC Worldwide and from public broadcasters that acquire their programmes
 a new approach
 however
 the materials and physical prototypes that were employed to ultimately create a working version of the InstaBooth
 S"
 while dark-skinned women perceived more in-group and out-group colorism than counterparts. Implications for intergroup and intragroup race relations as well as well-being are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2016
 the essay probes the professional standing of journalism in view of the development of new digital technologies that are re-shaping essential aspects of journalistic work. We conclude that journalism has lost some of its cohesion and fragmented into tribes of professionalism practiced by a diverse set of actors. {\textcopyright} 2016 John Wiley {\&} Sons Ltd."
 and timing variability in dialogue. It also provides data that differentiates between distracted and attentive listeners. We describe the main characteristics of the corpus and briefly present the most important results obtained from analyses in recent years. {\textcopyright} 2016
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 competitions
 male
 the Stavropol Territory
 the candidates' weight can be calculated according to the candidates' distribution online. The tracking is carried out within a Bayesian inference framework with this representation. We use the learned classifier and sparse template to construct the dynamic parameter observation model. Furthermore
 the pivotal aim of the present investigation is to establish the fact that the whole Qur'an is interrelated
 we propose a novel framework for estimating the principal axes
cited By 0
 Romania and the United Kingdom. The analysis uses data from the ad hoc material deprivation module of the EU-SILC 2009 because it provides comparable micro-data for EU member states and contains child-specific deprivation indicators. {\textcopyright} 2015
 typical software behaviour is usually a product of the two; models must combine both aspects to fully represent the software's operation. Extended Finite State Machines (EFSMs) provide such a model. Although attempts have been made to infer EFSMs
 which was likely home to diverse noncentralized societies. Previous archaeological work at the site of Kirikongo
 limited overlap was observed between the reports of different informants
 the contexts of cultural diversity. Our deeper
 holistic method to design and commercialize service innovation. From diverse but interrelated strands of theories from service science
"Oberhauser
 which has been documented among mental and healthcare professionals. Thus
 students and early career researchers require more sophisticated
 expanding its already large set of built-in theories to include a theory of strings with concatenation
 even after adjusting for a number of demographic and attitudinal covariates. These findings suggest that a complex relationship between racial identification and implicit racism may shape public perceptions about SCD that negatively influences perceivers' support for SCD-related policy. {\textcopyright} 2016
 a joint AP association and bandwidth allocation problem is formulated. The different users' bandwidth demands are added as new constraints. We comprehensively analyze the solution space and prove the problem NP-hard. Our trace-driven evaluations show that the throughput is improved about 23.1 {\%} compared to the conventional schemes. {\textcopyright} 2015
 which provides the extreme decentralization in terms of cloud architecture
 each involving some notion of maximality
 associated with enhanced experience. The adapted MBCT protocol for diverse sexual difficulties was found to be feasible and appeared positive for participants. Thus
 mean age = 15.9) in 58 high schools to explore variation in perceived caring
 and undoing of Michigan's quantified system of admissions decision-making between 1964 and 2004. In a context in which opponents of the system had legal avenues to engage a powerful outside authority
 and legislation—and this coordination can also be productively utilized for improving responsiveness to victims of sex trafficking across a diverse range of socio-legal and economic contexts. {\textcopyright} 2016
 the Middle Ages
 it is hardly an insignificant challenge to peace and security. The hypothesis motivating the author's study
 2011) and critical discourse analysis (Rogers and Christian
 we focus on the common realistic scenario with multiple collaborative tasks
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 the replacement causes a loss of the features in poor solutions
 Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi/Other Asian (24 {\%})
 the antenna offers easy fabrication
 this article makes reference to three distinct key stages of its history
 SD = 10.83) agreement on the potential educational attainment of the student. Specifically
 a behavioral parent training program. Methods: Participants included 53 families (mean child age = 4.40 years
 the class was divided in two groups. For the first group
 we utilize the latent variables to decompose the input activity into a number of temporally segmented sub-activities
 enumerating a hierarchy of ranking functions. Interestingly
 the PAS problem targets the integrated exploitation of both intra- and inter-actor parallelism for platforms in which individual actors can be parallelized across multiple processing units. We first address a special case of the PAS problem in which all of the actors in the DSP application or subsystem being optimized are parallel actors (i.e.
 nationality
 an improved constructive heuristic is used to initialize the antibody population. The initial antibodies generated by this heuristic help accelerate the algorithm's convergence. Second
 and prey's individual and neighborhood concern of predator. The prey particle memorizes its best and not-best positions as experiences. In this research work
 but also the ways in which instructors and programs choose to represent and impart these understandings to students. The use of PowerPoint to advance an authoritative western
 (2) to investigate if and how these relationships change throughout evolution of code
 which are then analyzed based on notions from variational inequality (VI) theory. The distributed algorithms can be proven to converge
 Lorenzo
 an Interposed Big-data I/O Scheduler
 therefore
"Gauthier
 Copyright {\textcopyright} Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 together with some results on user's satisfaction and system accuracy. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media New York 2014."
 civil
 therefore
 even more so than academic performance. Furthermore
 yielding measures of cohesion
 containing only a small amount of information. For better photo application and understanding
 for model selection. This technique can noticeably improve the recognition performance of both types of models
 to give educational messages in an entertaining format. A pilot study has indicated that this intervention has promise. Furthermore
 do not always have closed-captions used typically as references. Thus
 both the IT systems and also the working practices employed to complete the day to day tasks essential to meet the needs of a retailer's customers rapidly become unfit for purpose. The case study considered in this paper reviews the requisite practices adopted by a service provider in the business intelligence sector
 value systems and cultural practices. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 recalling specific episodes of martial action. Like the vision of civic life broadly disseminated through the pages of the press during this time
 A and Ramabhadran
 participative
 for Tibetan micro-blog text
000 users
 the survey has provided a thorough assessment of IEEE 802.15.4 MAC protocol performance where its functionality is evaluated considering a range of effective system parameters
 there are many different games
 while also highlighting the many challenges such media currently present this user base
 and after being presented alternative displays of Facebook's News Feed curation algorithm's output. Interviews revealed 10 ""folk theories"" of automated curation
cited By 5
 use the hashtag in conjunction with a more diverse vocabulary of other tags. This study sheds light on the dynamics of political engagement through hashtag activism."
 we explored parents' ability to find learning opportunities and their role in facilitating educational experiences for their children. We identified differences in the use of online social networks in finding learning opportunities for their children based on SES. Building upon these findings
 provided cultural critique or addressed racial harassment. In the discussion
 contribute most significantly to women leaving tech careers. HCI is also affected by this phenomenon and the CHI community has been tackling the issue in several different ways. A panel of HCI professionals from different backgrounds will share personal insights
 ranging from linked Web data to Semantic Web and social networks. In all these real-life application scenarios
 and a diverse mix of means of transportation. The applicability of our approach is presented in three case studies. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 and the possibilities offered through non-traditional networks to engender civic engagement and social participation. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 and interview data collected from the GRAND NCE
 obscuring these transnational processes. {\textcopyright} 2016 Informa UK Limited
cited By 1
 German language media organizations marketed to a European-based notion of Germanness. Such marketing reveals a practice of exclusion of non-typical German speakers and ultimately provides insight into the early postwar Angeleno German-speaking community. {\textcopyright} 2016 Informa UK Limited
 the method
 between local and central government
 minutes
 we try to reveal the relationships from a social p2p network perspective that would also provide new insights into the effects between these variables. The results show that
 whom the researchers had already connected with on Facebook. The parents were also asked for permission to view their Facebook profiles. 94 parents gave permissions and their profiles were investigated in terms of sharenting for the months of February
 and semantic barriers for understanding and classifying the content are among other difficulties which challenge efficiency and effectiveness of such methods. This paper suggests a specific form of collective intelligence
 news headlines
 possibly because it is more accessible
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and how that choice affects a broadcaster's choice of program quality. We show that pure bundling of advertising times by a media representative impairs a major broadcaster's choice of program quality as compared to separate selling. Furthermore
 D and Zachos
 subsampling
 as some detectors could provide inaccurate results depending on the type of data in hand and the underlying assumptions of a detector. This suggests that combining the detectors selectively is key to building effective anomaly ensembles - hence ""less is more"". In this paper we propose a novel ensemble approach called SELECT for anomaly detection
 to demonstrate the potential of revenue data analysis for investigating institutional diversity. For exploratory purposes
 or anyone who wish to have a shortcut to stardom. The work of this paper is to identify three major view sources
 we find the optimum location of relay by solving the convex optimization problem. Furthermore
 where no shared graph node exists between any two compact trees. We then develop a progressive A* based scalable solution using MapReduce to compute the smallest k-compact tree set
 is adopted in a newly proposed image-based immersive tool for dementia disease diagnosis. Novel pairwise ranking and learning techniques based on a new continuous and differentiable surrogated Kendall-Tau rank correlation coefficient is proposed to realize the immersive tool. Extensive experiments based on a database composed of images acquired from 350 demented patients are carried out with several popular pattern recognition diagnosis tools being compared. Their results undergo rigorous and comprehensive statistical analysis
 and teenage childbearing. Data are from Waves 1—15 of the female cohort of the National Longitudinal Surveys of Youth 1997 (NLSY97)
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 adnominal pronoun constructions
 1983)
 daughters
 we introduce a saliency-based method to re-rank the results of a query and we show that it can achieve significantly better performances as compared to the baseline approach. Experimental validation conducted on a number of queries applied to various datasets demonstrates the potential of the use of saliency information for the diversification of image retrieval results. {\textcopyright} 2015
 existing work related to self-similar traffic modeling is primarily based on conventional queuing and scheduling combinations which are simple approximations.This paper presents a novel analytical framework for G/M/1 queuing system based on realistic internet traffic distribution to provide guaranteed QoS. We analyze the behavior of multiple classes of self-similar traffic based on newly proposed scheduling-cum-polling mechanism (i.e.
 such strength is applied to design industry as well. The purpose of this study lies in recommending and proposing P2P context awareness based sensibility design using color and bio-signal analysis. In order to express design that coincides with distinctive and differentiated sensibility of people
 there is little written about the implications for women's rights and gendered violence when globalization remolds religious
 we study whether the relationship between first and second union stability indeed reversed between the 1970s and the 2000s
 I aim to address this gap by investigating young people's own metalanguage in a genre where traditionally such metalinguistic awareness would be little expected - in teenage personal blogs. The material used is composed of 32 personal blogs written by American teenagers in the period between 2010 and 2013
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 as well as its teaching and learning. But research and researchers in mathematics education fall loosely into two camps: On the one hand there is technical research
 the connections between the modern debate and classical schools of thought are discussed
 MDMA exploits more antennas equipped at different receiving nodes to provide concurrent streams more receive diversity
 a remaining key problem is to address the diversity of memory arbiters in the analysis to make it applicable to a wide range of systems. This work handles diverse arbiters by proposing a general framework to compute the maximum interference caused by the shared memory bus and its impact on the execution time of the tasks running on the cores
 and the like)
 the M{\'{e}}long's founder Dorj{\'{e}} Tarchin (1890-1976) creatively responded to divergent and competing processes associated with British colonialism and missionary activity in India
 an application is exampled to show the effectiveness of the policy. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 these opinions are of a competing nature
 leads to a comprehensive approach of personalized learning for very different target groups. Understanding the learner's profile and interests
000 greatly-diverse facial images from social networks. Crowdsourcing results suggest that real-world expression recognition problem is a typical imbalanced multi-label classification problem
 high bisection bandwidth
 thus increasing the efficacy of the aggregate intervention system. Our current work seeks to identify the feasibility of such an approach by examining the behaviors of targeted females at various stages of the educational and professional spectrum as it relates to their utilization of social networks. In particular
 we focused on adding noise nodes in such an intelligent manner so that they have very little influence on the anonymized data. Our proposed algorithm also ensures minimal changes in the social influence of the nodes in the anonymized data which are already present in the raw data. Through various measures and experiments
 J K"
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2016."
 community detection facilitates better product recommendations. Unfortunately
 it is important to know how to understand individual preferences
 logistics
 lists of hyperlinks
 K.-W. and Wong
 blogs
 representations of female perpetrators tend to feature nuanced and sympathetic portrayals. However
 implementation
 further research on pluralistic ignorance is recommended in order to determine how migrants perceive the mainstream opinion in the society to which they migrate. {\textcopyright} 2015 The Centre for Chinese Media and Comparative Communication Research
 racist expatriate Chinese community and the native culture in Buganda that cherished diversity. This study calls for more Sino–African research on a micro level
 and content. Moreover
 W"
 these advertisements sought to legitimize not only Kodak
 they are linked effectively by two core factors of the rule of law: “good law” and “good governance.” Between them is an ongoing process of interaction
 field level investigations were conducted amongst officials of both Micro-finance Institutions (MFIs) and UBs in Ghana using structured questionnaires. A total of 200 questionnaires – 100 each to MFI and Universal Banks were administered of which a response rate of 51 and 57 was
 content reality
 the United Kingdom
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and adopts the “Think Like a Vertex” concept in the Pregel-like system. It realizes the processing of privacy protection through message communication between the vertex and multiple iterations of the program. The experiment shows that the proposed method can provide personalized privacy protection for diverse users while increasing the efficiency of privacy protection. In addition
 and that these effects are each moderated by the respondent's status as a new or experienced mother. These analyses reveal a new way in which human and social capital confer cultural resources
 their primary interest is to improve their technical skills. We also found that the underlying factor structure of the students' responses matched the conceptual model (technological dimension
 and it also includes recent contributions from European studies. The objective of both research projects was to account for the communities-media relationship
 and it can be extracted without extra quality degradation other than compression itself. The reversibility of the proposed algorithm guarantees that texture image/video quality will not suffer from the watermarking process even if high payload (i.e. depth information) is embedded into the cover image/video. In order to control the size increase of watermarked image/video
 in terms of teaching strategies
cited By 5
 showing the diversity of experiences is appreciated more than illustrating the average situation. By approaching abstract media as cue creation
 social
"Ali
 decoupled from details such as protocols
 the improved performance derives from the prior structure involved in the quaternion estimate. Numerical simulations also verify the analysis. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and whether reasons for meditation differentially predict outcome. {\textcopyright} 2016
 it is unificatory in the sense that the taxa it contains derive from a common unity principle
 thus increasing their performance. The simulation and analytical results indicate that the CC-TDMA significantly improves the throughput and packet drop rate (PDR) of both licensed and unlicensed users compared to conventional TDMA. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 it would be beneficial to consider important elements of the school climate identified in the new survey. {\textcopyright} 2015
cited By 10
 education
 experiences
 an Urban Game
 called OSeP
 and intergroup attitudes. We address a gap in the literature by analyzing the strength and stability of the education effect associated with this diverse range of outcomes across three surveys covering the period 1986–2011
 and have important implications for assessing and understanding attachment processes in middle childhood
 that tackle them using diverse formulations
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and strength their connectivity from local to European level. The major objective of this project was to help these medium-sized cities to become more competitive and improve their mobility systems in connection with the HSR Hub to come. The twelve cities composing the ENTER HUB network are: Reggio Emilia (Italy)
 and the temporal and spatial scale. {\textcopyright} 2014
 good generalization performance
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we proposed a hybrid data gathering and offloading algorithm DGO for the mobile sensing applications. Besides the direct uploading through 3G or Wifi offloading
 SNOW 3G and some lightweight block ciphers have poor performances under these new criteria. The properties and characterizations of these new notions are presented. Another contribution of this paper is to study the nonlinearity of the functions with the form F = f∘a
 while providing protection to licensed primary users
 youth and worker) to measure fit for one factor
 diverse populations that may be at-risk for developing significant behavior disorders and should be considered by health care professionals who work with very young children. {\textcopyright} 2015
 four. Analysis of features shows that average speed
 and analyzed its matching degree quantization problems of matching process between ontology concept parameters and constraint parameters. To verify its validity
 11 {\%} Hispanic). Additionally
 after deriving research hypotheses
 suggesting the value of contingent models of policy change and international cooperation. Related Articles: Abulof
 and network protocols and architectures. Despite these research efforts
 and difference in factor coverage) to rank news articles on the basis of analyzing differences in descriptions of named entities. On the basis of these three measurements
 category information
 IEEE 802.11ac and IEEE 802.11ad. The existing studies show that although such physical extensions improve data rates
 evaluation and ranking. The current practice of evaluation process involves expert users opinions on the systems to rate its importance based on the users' preferences which is measured on the efficiency of the tool for finding required results. The evaluation phase of the proposed technique combines the current practice with the weight of importance
 the machine learning algorithms are (Support vector machines and Maximum entropy) are applied. We also propose an avant-garde sentiment scoring mechanism to estimate the degree of the sentiment. Our approach is able to assign sentiments to tweets with an accuracy of 80{\%}. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 walk the ‘connected walk
"Jacob
 we explore the positions of students regarding sex education topics as they sometimes adhere to a neoliberal perspective of choice and sometimes adopt a “we” voice with regard to society and social change. {\textcopyright} 2016 the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education."
 however
 that explicitly models the aspects and important time windows based on a historian's information seeking behavior. By incorporating temporal priors based on publication times and temporal expressions
 with more than 700 unique searchers
 T.-I. and Kim
 and actual behavior. Design/methodology/approach – This paper develops a research model including nine hypotheses. Using a survey questionnaire
 we found that users from non-central locations were not able to identify the geographical diversity on timelines generated by the algorithm
 and criminal justice
"Singh
 our paper sheds light on the linkage between digital media and unconventional participation across the three countries. Our hypothesis is that distinct news diets and different social media platforms may influence non-institutional participation in specific ways that reflect varying contextual characteristics. We assess the role of different news diets on unconventional participation
 through the cultural intermediation framework
 and it articulates four key lessons that a media ecology lens brings to the understanding of media and protest. Finally
 and endangered by the media. This paper builds on data consisting of 4212 questions about sexuality that were sent by young people in Finland to experts on sexual health. Only 64 (1.5{\%}) of these contributions explicitly focused on pornography. The small number of porn-related submissions suggests that for young people there are other more important concerns in the field of sexuality than pornography
 this study examines whether young people and teaching professionals consider pornography use to have harmful effects
 and other forms of provision. It reports on the findings of a 2013 study which combined a survey of 189 transgender and gender diverse Australian students aged 14–25 years
 as a result of participating in creative music sessions. The other study was a multi-media action research project
 and identity seeking and to empower them to meet the opportunities and challenges brought about by the unprecedented spread of the language. {\textcopyright} 2016 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 along with a sound rationale and conceptual framework. This has put pressure on English-medium universities everywhere to review their English language provision and to develop creative and theoretically-informed solutions to what is perceived by many in the sector as a complex and very pressing issue
 question tags
 who generate huge amount of information everyday
 mainly expectations for analysis by the information of interaction between people on the social network
 creating long-term spillover effects. {\textcopyright} 2015
 there is a lot of spam and redundancy
 and maps. Depending on the content of Twitter messages
 preventing the evaluation of methods that are capable of comparing different sized items. To address this
 and how it relates to media use and socio-demographics amongst a representative online sample of the Flemish population (N = 1100). Findings reveal limited knowledge of ownership structures
 turning topics into relevant material for pupils
 and Entropy for detecting communities over times. Finally our approach motivates the application of human inspired models in dynamic community detection context and suggest the fruitfulness of the connection of community detection field and social science theories to each other."
 we identified research avenues that will allow us to better understand: (1) limitations in current practices of scientific media education; (2) what scientific media education should look like in the future; and (3) ways we might overcome barriers to implementing a new and improved scientific media education. {\textcopyright} 2015
 the lack of effective media policies and the Berlusconi's conflict of interest. Finally
cited By 1
 pluralism
 YouTube
 and only one device is sometimes being used
 previously introduced for the case of systems of conservation laws
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
cited By 3
 through which co-occurrences contribute to the strength of a social connection. In addition
 655–697
 models for the optimal fuzzy measures are established
 we approach this problem from a different perspective and present several scalable incremental algorithms for partitioning various TEGs when different modification events are applied to them. Moreover
 (2). wireless transmission techniques. With the high integration on multimedia and communication technique
 users' supply and consumption profiles are characterized based on the distribution of images which they engage with. We then present various statistical analyses on real-world data
 amid concerns about a lack of diversity among writers. Second
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
cited By 2
 it is common to speak of the uncertainty
 A S"
 and the United Kingdom) have been selected for analysis. The general hypothesis
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Oregon
 M"
 I discuss some of the methodological challenges the article raises. I conclude with some comments to think with for the future of the STEM field and equitable science. {\textcopyright} 2014
 suggesting that there is much more potential for use of the theory than has been realized in these papers. {\textcopyright} 2015
 but kinship research largely continues to emphasize methodological improvement and identification of biological kin in archaeological contexts. By approaching kinship as a multiscalar dimension of social identity
 these papers interrelate through four parameters: (1) pluralising the disciplinary knowledge base and diversifying curricula and programmes for all students to serve the global community
 which incorporated public consultation and much greater emphasis on upstream waste reduction and sorting. In the process
cited By 2
 Poland
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 findings document the predictive value of particular trauma events related to early adolescents' severity of self-reported traumatic stress. These in-depth findings underscore the need for routine
 we advocate for a direct and active approach to raising conversations about race with younger preschool children. Based on the developmental nature of young children's concepts of self and of other
 the building materials
 after many decades in which there has been time to forget
 and mixed methods that can be used in these settings. This paper takes the position that a scientist-practitioner approach may be most useful for expanding the literature on the subject. Furthermore
 and if they are counted in statistics
 imperfect spectrum sensing and outdated channel feedback
 or what Althusser called “interpellation” and show the effects of this interpellation in the Indigenous subject and offer modes of resistance. The artists are informed by Lacanian notions of subjectivization and utilise this approach to semiotics and power as the starting point for their critique. {\textcopyright} 2016
 and economic status {\&} working conditions. Using a stratified random sample of 330 households (1
 it shows that his approach goes beyond a normative
 congruently low
 as well as studies of the Brazilian legislation
 doing and defending ‘critical thinking' in university classrooms. In contesting ‘critical thinking' as the essential attribute of graduates in the Western educational paradigm
 the performance analysis of the proposed system is investigated for amplify-and-forward relaying spectrum sensing with SC
 nurses described four types of skills—observational
 teamwork
 and participation in religious activities
 potential implications can be far-reaching and include new tools for programming cells and tissues
 race
 independent of the students' origin and destination. Rather than blaming students
 as a means to achieve higher economic growth. Since then
 it framed a pedagogical strategy for self-interrogation of whiteness
 counting
 the low-SES undergraduates seeing it as a strategy for self-advancement
 internalizing symptoms were explored as a mediator of the relationship between perceived friend delinquency and externalizing behavior. Data came from the NC-ACE Rural Adaptation Project
 we utilized self-report measures in an ethnically diverse sample (53.5 {\%} non-White) of 307 first term college students (65 {\%} female) in order to elucidate how co-rumination between roommates may be associated with depressive symptoms. We found that the association between co-rumination and depressive symptoms was moderated by relationship quality such that co-rumination in a high quality relationship was not associated with depressive symptoms whereas the opposite was true in low quality relationships. Moreover
 both youth and caregivers were more likely to be satisfied. Due to clients' reporting that on average clinicians utilized skill building common elements less often
 in practice
 we propose a distributed dual-based spectrum access scheme (DSA) that considers multi-connectivity
 possible family and work selves
 between boys and girls
 after controlling for age
 the current study examined the stress-buffering function of social support against loneliness and whether the association between social support and loneliness with stress held constant would vary by its source. The role of gender in these associations was also considered. The sample consisted of 636 ethnically diverse college youth (age range 18–25; 80 {\%} female). The results suggest that the stress-buffering role of social support against loneliness varies by its source. Only support from friends buffered the association between stress and loneliness. Further
 left to their own devices
 rhythmic
 for example
 this paper presents a novel test case selection strategy based on Diversity Maximization Speedup (Dms). Dms orders a set of unlabeled test cases in a way that maximizes the effectiveness of a fault localization technique. Developers are only expected to label a much smaller number of test cases along this ordering to achieve good fault localization results. We evaluate the performance of Dms on 2 different types of programs
 6 renowned journalists in Taiwan were studied. The results identified 10 indicators of imaginative capacity in the study participants. The research team also identified 6 roots of imaginative capacity
 and telecommunications industries
 a replacing algorithm is employed to account for node preference by modifying deleting algorithm. Then
 or perspectives (eg. politically left leaning or right leaning)
 SAHDs create multidimensional social networks that allow them to cope better with the role change. We reflect on the evolving roles of SAHDs in society
 we found that the effect of cultural differences actually reversed
 and is particularly suited for enhancing interpersonal interactions in CSCW."
 teamwide and community-wide purposes. Our research also reveals that developers use and create diverse integrations (called bots) to support their work. This study serves as the first step towards understanding the role of Slack in supporting software engineering."
 openness
 which may be virtually indistinguishable from face-toface communication
 little research has explicitly focused on users' audience-reaching strategies. Additionally
 as well as transclusion to flexibly combine and assemble multiple media together. The demonstration illustrates the power of Webstrates and Shared Dynamic Media through several scenarios
 task
 naturalness
cited By 5
 hierarchies
 insisting that China was an exception from totalitarianism. They have never unpacked its conceptual other – liberalism and its ontology of human nature as a coherent individual driven by self-interest – which has persisted in shaping the field's analytical vocabulary and the public imagination. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media New York 2016."
 we can conclude that modernization very likely leads to secularization
 G"
 I"
 we will review the recent advancements in PAE. A unified framework to extend existing PAE approaches is proposed to improve the robustness of PAE when dealing with complex audio signals in practical situations. Various practical issues on implementing PAE in spatial audio applications are discussed. Objective and subjective evaluations are conducted to validate the feasibility of applying PAE in spatial audio reproduction. {\textcopyright} 2015 Asia-Pacific Signal and Information Processing Association."
 joy and awe"" into the introductory experiences [2]
 including the encounter entropy
 i.e. the communities in the network can overlap. The cover detection aims at identifying such nodes based on graph topology information. The proposed work performs cover detection by following a computational geometry and fuzzy approach. Computational geometric techniques employed discovers clusters of nodes and then fuzzy function is defined for obtaining the covers. The curse of dimensionality is a major challenge in data clustering. For processing
 Tunisia."
000 students
 according to these nodes idleness or busyness. Moreover
cited By 4
 etc. However
cited By 1
 finances
 which represents alignment of opinion among users; (ii) partitioning the conversation graph to identify potential sides of the controversy; and (iii) measuring the amount of controversy from characteristics of the graph. We perform an extensive comparison of controversy measures
 and richness. Design/methodology/approach-Using longitudinal data from three Fortune 200 companies-Delta Airlines
 we used a two-tier single-blind review process. In the first stage
 and informational
 a query like ""people named John
cited By 0
"Younus
 news portals
 the user's usage experience and trust in the system can decline. This paper presents an interactive method to visualize the personalized filtering in SNSs. The proposed visualization helps to create awareness
 and represented and abstracted from encounters to articulate requirements
 while greater diversity of digital media use was associated with increased total sleep time and earlier bedtime. Analysis of activities in the last hour before bedtime indicated that activity type plays a role in digital media's effect on sleep
 which obtains users' travel demands from mobile client and generates travel packages containing multiple points of interest and their visiting sequence. Experimental results suggest that the proposed approach shows promise with respect to improving recommendation accuracy and diversity. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 we introduce a novel JPEG decoding scheme for heterogeneous architectures consisting of a CPU and a general-purpose GPU. We employ an offline profiling step to determine the performance of a system's CPU and GPU with respect to JPEG decoding. For a given JPEG image
 local entropy generation distributions are determined based on the obtained dimensionless velocity and temperature values. The derivative source term present in vorticity equation has been treated as fourth order compact using Pad{\'{e}} scheme. The details for the derivation of difference relations at boundaries to generate accurate and stable solutions are also given. We have computed the results for three different cases depending on the direction of moving walls. To assess the numerical accuracy of our proposed scheme
 2011). After devising some heuristics on the choice of the parameters controlling the mesh adaption
 support size
"Muller
cited By 0
 or bridging
 overlearning
 such as the USA
 dominate the public domain; the former is the official language
 The Author(s) 2013."
 and the corrected metadata
 Creative Australia
 enterprises
 as well as their general education level and their science coursework. Across broad and narrow measures of science education
"Baker-Doyle
 the technocratic caretaker
cited By 0
 and which ontological consequences should follow from these. {\textcopyright} 2014
 physical) and severity
 we test the cognitive salience of three explanations that have been proposed in the literature for negative diversity effects: out-group biases
 London
 flourishing or negative affect were found. No statistically significant gains were observed in the control condition. Ratings of task enjoyment were positively correlated (Pearson's r) with positive affect increase. Findings support the viability of smartphone-based interventions to significantly enhance elements of wellbeing
 16 benchmark functions chosen from literature are employed. The results show that the proposed MDE algorithm clearly outperforms the standard differential evolution algorithm with six different parameter settings. Compared with some evolution algorithms (ODE
 and number of migrations
 who were diagnosed with autism. Outcome measures included estimates of caregiver responsive language input and children's communication turns evaluated during home interactions. The results indicated that both dyads increased their levels of responsiveness in
 and current rumination and mindfulness were assessed using self-report measures. Increased BPD symptoms predicted both decreased mindfulness and increased rumination. Bootstrapping mediation analyses indicated that rumination mediated the association between BPD symptoms and low mindfulness
 and cultural dimensions shape Singapore's trajectory. Building on understandings of high-performing systems
cited By 1
cited By 2
 who identifies himself as indigenous and as a youth studied in “La Uni{\'{o}}n
 while controlling for traditional abuse and demographic variables. In addition
"Pachori
 they don't consider the mobility of nodes and also set a constant sleep interval. Therefore
 closed-form and exact expressions for the moment generating function
 but it encourages a subtle shift in understanding as to just why the experience of the two pluralisms can be ethically disquieting
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and equations are powerful ways of arranging and displaying data in visual form. This study aims to analyze quantitatively the use of representations by Key Stage 2 (KS2) students in extra-curricular science inquiry projects. The reports from 145 science inquiry projects entries in a primary science exhibition in Hong Kong were studied. A total of 22 projects were awarded Outstanding; 46 were awarded Merit; and 77 were awarded Consolation by the exhibition judges using well-established scoring rubrics and procedures. The ability to use different types of representations and the representational practices were studied across the three award classes. Levels of abstraction and functionality (constructing
 disciplinary orientation
 'liberalization' and consumerism--the article illustrates the multiple locations of masculinity politics. Further
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 there was no effect of polysemy. However
 with ethnically diverse at-risk adolescents. Twenty-seven students were randomly assigned to a mindfulness or substance abuse control class that occurred for 50 min
 it can be forwarded if the requested adaptive VC has enough free buffers to hold the whole packet. By allowing packets to regain adaptivity
 parental remarriage and the experience of “carrying messages” between their divorced parents. Preliminary results revealed small differences in satisfaction with life and no differences in positive affect between emerging adults from divorced and non-divorced families. However
 being the extent to which fathers: directly supported the young person; supported the mother; aligned with the mother; took responsibility for supporting the young person; and needed input from the mother. From comparison of data relating to each dimension across families
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 while in the second approach the matrices are computed by minimizing the overall MSE of all data streams at each subcarrier. We also propose an accurate analytical approach for obtaining the performance of the proposed receivers. Our schemes achieve the maximum degrees of freedom provided by the IA precoding
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 in which an ensemble of VSMs is trained sequentially. The effectiveness of our boosting variation comes from the emphasis on working with the high confidence test data to achieve discriminatively trained models. Our variant of boosting also includes utilizing original training data in VSM training. The discriminative boosting algorithm (DBA) is applied to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) language recognition evaluation (LRE) 2009 task and show performance improvements. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed DBA shows 1.8 {\%}
 Pakistani
 brutality and apartheid on the region. Namibia finally fought for and won its independence in 1990 – over three decades after Ghana became the first independent sub-Saharan nation in 1957. Today
 supportive parenting
 we tested the multi-group model in three diverse HEI sizes: large
 based on adaptive PSO (APSO) and FCM is proposed
 senior use of IT lags behind that of other segments of society. This “gray divide” is a concern for government
 involving medical and social media researchers. {\textcopyright} 1995-2012 IEEE."
 an OHC researcher and two OHC administrators of online health communities
 these sensors are unable to sense the opinions and emotional reactions of citizens that invariably impact smart city initiatives. Yet everyday
 we examine Independent Cascade (IC) information diffusion model which assumes that each node independently influences its neighboring nodes. We show the results of applying IC model to the biggest Russian social network Vkontakte (VK). We first apply the model to synthetic networks and compare the results with the real networks extracted for different topics. The results supports our hypothesis that the behavior of information diffusion in social media is different based on the topics shared. Our results also show that IC model does not properly describe the diffusion processes in VK. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 such as increasingly prevalent social media data. In this study
 in which data are morerelated when they are close in time rather than further apart. The study has been presented into two steps: firstly
 allowing for a bidirectional perspective. Using ordinal logistic regression models
related protocols
 through TDMA scheduling
 a prominent member of the broad class of spectral centrality
 we examine how scholars have conceptualized similarities and differences among children and families in relation to interconnected systems of oppression and privilege. We discuss how their work has challenged deficit-based approaches to cultural and social difference to understand how diverse families and young people actively negotiate media and technologies in everyday life. We argue that an intersectional
 migration and urbanization
 to compute similarity degrees between users. We demonstrate the application of the proposed model by integrating it in the HARMONISE platform for communities in the Urban Resilience domain. The application example illustrates how the proposed model of collaborative filtering recommender system can predict content of interest to users in the platform
 a greedy based diversified coverage tag recommendation algorithm
 J and Patil
 each with a unique combination of mode preferences for public transit
 D Y and Bowe
 supplemented with follow-up interviews (N = 30)
 but nevertheless in a way that similarly affects both religious pluralization and secularization. In European societies
 we process the expansion design in several aspects
 while being aware of the resource utilization of the cloud. This is achieved by periodically polling resource statistics from the cloud nodes
 and then analyze and understand user preferences by these interactive data would be the purpose to discuss and to do the research of the paper. Furthermore
 which enables participants to use the cloud resources for online lessons or library study. It derives the trust value of participants by using entropy-weight method and data mining algorithms to deal with the behaviors data of participants. Our proposed solution can detect malicious participants easily
 music tracks) and any application domain (e-commerce
 however
 chats) in a closed forum on Facebook monitored by a tutor
 B T"
 and Therriault's (2014) measure of sociodemographic cross-pressures. Our method allows for research on important aspects of the current media environment that are impossible with existing measures
 the aims of this assignment are to increase the student's ability to apply content analysis methods in an actual media context
 precisely because this alternative delivery of content can effectively educate many learning styles. This article documents the development and implementation of an undergraduate
 both the journalism industry and JET still refer to a conservative neoliberal pluralist Western professional ideology
 argumentative strategies have a greater influence than non-argumentative strategies. Finally
 I illustrate how queer moments were enacted in this high school course as the class (a) deconstructed literary and media texts; (b) used moments of discomfort for learning; (c) produced counter-narratives through creative acts; and (d) engaged in experiential learning activities that troubled commonsense understandings of sexuality
 while this is less the case for activities based on analytical and synthetic knowledge (e.g.
 she navigates the interfaces between multiple social groups
 and student agency. Even though personal digital devices offer opportunities for independent reading
 whose goals were to provide listeners with information
 and Tondelli as his student. Eco and Tondelli observed the Movimento del Settantasette
 articulated first by lesbians in GASA and later
 however
 investigating English as a second or foreign language requires exploring multiple markets of English in the polity. Drawing on a diversified understanding of the context of language policy and planning
 during the centenary of his birth in 1881
 dondang sayang
 yet can improve the social welfare for the population. Real world social networks exhibit a property called homophily; sometimes called ""The Echo Chamber Effect""
 while others worry that they increase ideological segregation. We address the issue by examining webbrowsing histories for 50
 despite the tendency of forming homophilic networks
 while avoiding the use of Twitter handles of their opponents. Practical implications-The findings suggest that interest groups' use of social media accelerates the formation of online echo chambers
 1995-2016."
 non-university providers of teacher education have proliferated in certain areas of the country. A critical aspect of the current call for greater deregulation and market competition in teacher education has been the declaration that university teacher education has failed. While there is no dispute about the need for improvements in the dominant college and university system of teacher education
 organic content related to conditions and accommodations existed primarily on Twitter. Originality/value-This study sought to investigate whether organic content on Twitter could withstand the transference of sentiments that emerge in traditional media. This study adds to the current body of the literature by examining whether there is a convergence or divergence of content across media platforms pertaining to an international sporting event. {\textcopyright} Emerald Group Publishing Limited."
 including media use. Social fragmentation is
 a mock Hungarian political party
 in terms of whether the content is sufficiently stimulating to get repeatedly chosen by users for forwarding (retweeting). This approach involves machine learning against features that are relevant to a particular user and their network
 the retrieved information is biased and does not represent a neutral view on the available information
 across five research topics. We then analyzed these data sets across several criteria
 recommendations
"Villi
 often with an emphasis on visualization
 Facebook
 we analyze the online practices of state-level government agencies. Findings demonstrate that agencies emulate offline content reuse strategies by relying predominately on trusted institutional sources rather than new voices
cited By 2
 in order to promote their brand. The Official Government Tourism Website didn't maximize the utility of Facebook as an important marketing tool. Implications of the findings are discussed and directions for future research are provided. In this context
 based on a review of the extant literature on the topic
 esteem
 motivation is a key factor if higher uptake and completion of MOOCs is to be achieved. Increasingly
 state
 namely promoters or superpromoters. These groups utilize the platform primarily for contributing self-presentational and self-promoting content without consuming or sharing the content created by others. The findings from our interviews further shed light onto the diverse set of motivations that underpin the usage behaviors of these user groups."
 TweetGrep) that lets the data analyst easily define a topic by few keywords and adapt a generic sentiment classifier to the topic-by jointly modeling topics and sentiments using label regularization. Experiments with diverse datasets show that TweetGrep beats the state-ofthe-art models for both the tasks of retrieving topical tweets and analyzing the sentiment of the tweets (average improvement of 4.97{\%} and 6.91{\%} respectively in terms of area under the curve). Further
cited By 2
 social media may be able to serve the needs of automated personality predictions. Based on user data of Facebook
 we explore the task of automatically classifying rumor stances expressed in crisisrelated content posted on social media. Utilizing a dataset of over 4
 highly disaggregate geo-temporal analysis of urban form and function
 and whether increased participation in digital media necessarily leads to increased democratic participation. Leading Indigenous commentators in Australia suggest an inability of governments and other influential players to listen sits at the heart of the failure of Indigenous policy. This article presents two contemporary Australian case studies that showcase Indigenous participatory media response to government policy initiatives: first
 Fighting
 such as
 in general
 posted by social media users from a major US metropolitan area. We linked these tweets to US Census data through their locations. This allowed us to measure emotions expressed in the tweets posted from an area
 spread and decline among the public in a political campaign. However
 and the circulation of affective content with common symbols made celebrations visible. However
 analogous to the CoNLL'2003 news dataset. For instance
 settings
cited By 5
 disasters
 and find that a more complex picture emerges
 VoiceTube can combine social media to create a learning network community. However
 Twitter did not exist yet now an estimated 15{\%} of the world population subscribes to Twitter. This has created a large-scale
 and academic performance. Participants in the study were a diverse student body regarding age
cited By 0
 shares
 are the most engaging
 especially those potential investors
 cost-effective
 communities
 as I will show
 i.e.
 to understand the nature of the beIN and Al-Jazeera America communities
 photos
 enter territories with IP-controlled content
 networks are arranged in layers that represent the different modalities
 and then mash them up in the WebWorldWind virtual globe. A broad range of public use this tool for diverse purposes is possible
 current literature provides little insight about how concrete social commerce features influence the consumers' willingness to adopt social commerce websites. To contribute to the closure of this research gap
 the assumption being that the tags and the textual descriptions associated with photos are powerful ways to describe and retrieve images. The results are usually obtained by simply matching the terms of the query to an index of terms associated to the images in a corpus. The efficiency of this technique depends strongly on the tags associated to pictures
 I will present 4 different use cases on how text mining is used to drive decision making in drug discovery and development and also how it can be used to identify patient insights from sources such as social media. {\textcopyright} 2016
 Portugal)."
 their entropy
 has not been solved completely. Personal data can be obtained from the several sources such as Internet service and social media. In this situation
 sexual orien-tation
 multiple conjunctural causation
 if not resentful
187 restaurants in New York City from November 2013 to March 2014. Our results suggest that foot traffic can increase local popularity and business per-formance
 and news generators (the White House
 parts-of-speech and word types. We extracted 100 posts from 100 users in each of four age groups (under-18
 and their results are described and analyzed in this text. A comparison of the use of expert vs. crowdsourcing annotations shows that crowdsourcing results have a slightly lower inter-rater agreement but results are comparable at a much lower cost than expert annotators. Multimodal approaches have best results in terms of cluster recall. Manual approaches can lead to high precision but often lower diversity. With this detailed results analysis we give future insights into diversity in image retrieval and also for preparing new evaluation campaigns in related areas. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and Game) is such an adolescent subculture which is fascinating to a group of young people
 M E and Gladstone
cited By 1
 such as product review sites. The goal of this paper is to determine whether an LLP classifier fit in one domain can be modified to classify instances from another domain. To do so
 include several prominent women leaders
 project creators who are able to convey openness and agreeableness are more likely to succeed with the adoption and diffusion of their campaigns compared to those signaling neuroticism. Our findings demonstrate that potential investors pay close attention to the way project creators present themselves and their projects on crowdfunding platforms. Project creators should therefore evaluate how to best communicate the favorable aspects of their project through their project description and video. Implications for future research and practice are discussed."
 to narrate and regulate belonging in an interconnected world and an unequal city. {\textcopyright} 2016 Koen Leurs {\&} Myria Georgiou."
 we propose a topic modeling framework built on top of an existing stream clustering framework
cited By 0
 Leiden
 and for many students these are becoming increasingly vital to combat the loneliness of the doctoral researcher. In this paper I have reflected on some of my own uses of Twitter and argue that its impact upon my development can be theorized through Margaret Archer's notion of the internal conversation. This is done through drawing on autoethnographic reflections of my own doctoral experiences and through this extends understandings of reflexivity into digital spaces. In doing so
 O and Shafie
 word alignment (WA)
 forums
 uncovers previously unaccounted for dynamic phenomena at population-level
 CEUR-WS. All rights reserved."
 and assesses how Myanmar's experiences reinforce or challenge common assumptions about democratic transition. The discussion draws from interviews over many years with journalists
 collaborating
 and find that event features play an important role in distinguishing social groups with different topics and categories. We also observe that tightly knit communities have less average event participation
 and (ii) the ""nature"" of the visited venues that are common to users is powerful and informative in revealing the social/spatial linkages. We further show that the ""entropy"" of a venue can be used to better connect spatial information with the existing social relations. The entropy records the diversity of a venue and requires only location history of users (it does not need temporal history). Finally
 bisexual
 Yu Xu
 and existing ratings. Specifically
 K H and Ulusoy
 The Netherlands."
 named A-Scheme
 and the results show that our method is effective. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 and after selecting three unique cases of cyber activist students
 free
 and advance quality. The article concludes with actionable proposals regarding media policy
 {\&} Staffan Ericson."
 not long after the much-hailed return-to-democracy election it became clear that the reappearance of media vibrancy and plurality would not happen overnight. The author critically examines the post-election climate and draws on his personal experience as a Fiji news media editor. {\textcopyright} 2016
 J"
cited By 0
cited By 1
 network correlation analysis and sensitivity analysis to highlight similarities and differences between the methods
 and diverse ethnic groups have mobilized and organized constituent assemblies and other social and political organizations
 to promote economic resilience for media under threat. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2016."
cited By 0
 but is a key player in actively creating the ethnic division of Malaysian society that is crucial for the ruling coalition to stay in power. Hence
 we generate and validate diverse feature sets for twitter sentiment evaluation
 we utilize Bloom filters to compact the storage size of intermediate data and boost the performance of our algorithm. Through an extensive experimental evaluation
 Sweden and Norway—the article identifies and describes the dynamics between four major policy positions; transparency
 I"
 the first article involves race
 especially for a large social group activity
 CNN performs better than other more complex CNN variants. Nevertheless
 and the region's political-and-security and social-and-cultural blueprints
 PSNR and SSIM. Experimental results show that the proposed approach is powerful for images comparative to others. {\textcopyright} International Science Press."
 the neurodynamic events underlying laughter production – and particularly the form of the neural entropy gradients – are congruent with a sentic hypothesis about the different emotional contents of laughter and their specific effects on bonding dynamics. Findings: The new behavioural and neurodynamic tenets introduced about this unusual sound feature of our species justify the ubiquitous presence it has in social interactions at large and along the life cycle of the individual. Laughter
 493-525)
 such as reports of damage
 how they are identified
 betrayal
 discussion forums
 since none can invest an infinite amount of time to read through these tweets
 specifically in terms of time length and stocks has not been studied in the past. Our quantitative analysis shows that on an average correlation between tweets and stocks' volume being traded is 0.29 on an average. In this empirical study
 the feasibility and effectiveness of the rough set intelligent evaluation model were verified. {\textcopyright} 2016 Academic Journals Inc."
 we used structural equation modeling to test the contributions of exposure to popular reality programs
 DBpedia and unstructured texts using textmining techniques. Experiments on TREC 2011 microblog collection show significant improvement in the retrieval performance. {\textcopyright} 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V."
 and we explored students' cognitive processing in an integrated discussion environment through lag and progressive sequential analysis. The results revealed that this environment elevated the diversity of student cognitive process throughout the online discussion. Moreover
cited By 4
 so that the convergence time is shortened. Least squares support vector regression machine (LS-SVR) is taken to predict common neighbor strength between the nodes
cited By 0
 Bitly
"Seetharaman
 UK Simulation Society. All rights reserved."
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2015."
 noting the evaluative treatment made by the newspapers about the Platform. On the other hand
 we are working with production teams to develop systems
cited By 14
 tattoos have become increasingly fashionable
 teachers and students constitute a certain teaching and learning of the network of social relations. In China
 the same detections? All these questions will be formalized and answered in two different frameworks: the detection of clusters in a set of points and the detection of line segments in an image. The general idea is to capture the perceptual information contained in an image
 1941)
 social network
 blogs
cited By 1
 but not much has changed. This article uses personal interviews and qualitative analysis of legal documents to examine ERTU's legal framework
 however
 more educated news users are more interested in topics at the fringes of the common core and also make more use of personalized news offers. Research limitations/implications: The results are discussed in the light of media diversity and recent advances in public sphere research. Originality/value: This paper contributes to the ongoing debate about algorithmic news dissemination. While
 the strong presence of Christianity and its generally negative perception among the non-Christian public sometimes render both familiarity/relatability and a sense of discomfort
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2016."
 W and Pang
 2015. US2016 also includes the geographical location of these followers
 in that the established traditions and norms of one's ""civilization"" predetermine some of one's opinion. However
 which in turn detain the accuracy of the generated referrals. So in order to gain accurate referrals
 time and author. We show how different applications
 religion
 volunteers
 almost one tenth are trivial duplicates. A smaller fraction of articles appear to be corrupted and should be excluded for that reason. The detailed results are being made available as on-line appendices to this article. This effort also demonstrates the beginnings of a constraint-based methodological framework for quality assessment and quality assurance for corpora. As a first implementation of this framework
 M A and Rabea
 such as a public interest test and the co-existence of public broadcasters and radio stations of a community type whose economic survival would be supported by public and other non-profit funds. Such a media policy would require a relaxation of the ownership rules and strengthening of the role of regulation and regulatory institutions which should monitor the fulfilment of economic
 in the last step
 experimental results have been assessed through objective and subjective quality measures and reveal that less visible artifacts are produced with the technique proposed by reaching PSNR values above 40.0 dB and an embedding bit rate average per secret communication channel of 425 bits/sec. This exemplifies that steganography is affordable in digital television. {\textcopyright} 2016 Christian Di Laura et al."
cited By 0
 road traffic alerts
 the time-varying sparsity of the interactions among time series often poses a big challenge to temporal dependency discovery in practice. This paper formulates the temporal dependency problem with a novel Bayesian model allowing for both the sparsity and evolution of the hidden interactions among the observed time series. Taking advantage of the Bayesian modeling
 we propose a metric to measure a researcher's connectedness within the network."
 we analyze a natural stylized model built upon active lines of work in political opinion formation
 to the extent that civic groups bring together diverse members from across a variety of status dimensions
 and recorded 'captured' activity which promote learner replay and re-engagement. The paper concludes that the educational use of the recorded voice needs to be reconsidered and reconceptualised so that audio is valued as a manageable
 personal
 this article suggests that future studies can adopt qualitative methods to provide explanations for the nexus by investigating broadcast station stakeholders
 the proposed antenna is an optimized candidate for media applications. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2016 by ITE Transactions on Media Technology and Applications (MTA)."
 from the perspective of network transmission
 each category of visual vocabulary is built and combined to generate the reduced global visual vocabulary for image representation. By adjusting the extent thresholds
 (2) a standard spectral filter
 and business aspects of newspaper editors' decision-making process
 whose peoples have strong links to New Zealand through historical ties and contemporary diasporae living in the country. But
 sensors sourced from various devices may be reprogrammed and reused within new interactive projects. The efficiency of the approach is demonstrated via practical application over a number of interactive new-media art case studies presenting scenarios of varying complexity. Clearly
 ultimately
 and the 2013 Malaysian General Election will be used as a case study. Drawing on one of the important concepts in modern journalistic practice
 but still interoperable between them. Therefore
 compared to groups in arid areas where there are widely ramified social networks. We test the hypothesis that a greater degree of stylistic heterogeneity should be displayed by engraved Sydney shields compared with those found in Port Hedland. However
 relation analysis
 a system to retrieve experts automatically for a given set of keywords. Our design targets exhaustivity: e{\#} can detect previously undetectable experts. The core idea is to enhance a state-ofthe-art expert detection algorithm with a graph of expertise domains. Our system produces this graph from hundreds of Gigabytes of Web search query logs and behavioral data
 IS
 potentially global market. In this
 and active selection of high quality labelers based on their estimated expertise to label the data. We apply the proposed model for four visual recognition tasks
 the required participant runs and the evaluation metrics."
"Eiroa
 social
 Auckland University of Technology. All rights reserved."
 as well as the negotiation of space between researcher
 particularly since the 1980s
 a channel occupation frame (COF) is added to protect vulnerable periods during the formation of ANC cooperation. Third
 pointing to social diversification
cited By 0
 urban
 simple texture synthesis can introduce artifacts in undamaged and recovered areas. To address aforementioned problems
 and a QoE controller with a machine learning-based decision engine
 the blurring lines between informative and persuasive media content and between mass-produced and user-generated content. The articles were drawn from a special postconference jointly sponsored by the Environmental Communication
 particularly the 2005 SIPILIS (anti-secularism
 L.-H."
 collages
 and developed over nearly two decades
 the internet
cited By 1
 which in turn can boost digital usage of these languages. In this paper we introduce the project
cited By 0
cited By 3
 which claims to portray gender identities and relations in ways that are both more inclusive and diverse
 in addition to control of the change
 to detach or estrange themselves. The results show a spontaneous identification and an ethical identification that is related to emotional and moral implication. Additionally
 and minority ethnic (BAME) women in British politics. Only three had previously been elected to parliament but a further seven joined their ranks that year. While headlines celebrated the possibility of a “small revolution” resulting in “the most diverse parliament ever
 from blatant disregard for the law to an ever-growing structural pluralism that is casting shadows over state expenditure. This article also considers literature on New Zealand FOI regime
 elite figures who once they have won power seek to implement their vision. But as previous research has noted
 i.e.
cited By 1
 plural and mixed Basque cinema that functions as a focal point for many issues of topical and enduring debate. These include questions of language in relation to identity
 it approaches Miyazaki's last work
 coping and positive family conceptualizations). Children experienced “feeling different” and microaggressions from peers
 in 2005
"Bodke
cited By 4
 tools and communication were performed. Based on the findings of the empirical study
 we review the main design issues based on the model of wireless sensor networks: structure-free and structured for data collection and aggregation where role of clustering and routing is discussed for energy conservation and enhancing network lifetime. These design strategies are the foundation of any networking protocol from the energy saving point of view. A comprehensive tabular overview of different approaches under structure-free and structured wireless sensor networks for data collection and aggregation
 not recognized in their diversity. Hence
 although national social sciences have described the escalation in conflicts and reported the existence of a new cycle of State-society relations
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and Eastern Europe. Two of the landmark documents providing insight into how the international community thinks about rules of the road for cyberspace explicitly reference the term 'proxies'. However
 the truth
 thoughts
 through the emphasis on her gendered heterosexual body
 performed by trained librarians. This paper investigates a different approach in a children's library
 student attitudes of engagement and desire to learn cultural competencies through this media are compared
 Leiden
 ethical responsibility
 preservation
"Lucic
 S{\""{o}}rvik y Wise
 where one is binary matrix of the most probable edge distribution and the other is a score matrix based on calculating differences between maxima and minima neighboring intensity change at each point. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on two image databases
 enabling personalised learning and assuring high academic standards were found to contribute to student success. The implications of these findings are discussed with a specific focus on promoting effective teaching practice and informing related policy. At a time when the diversity of the student cohort in Australian higher education institutions is increasing
 our experiments revealed some insights of this task which are interesting and potential useful. For example
 we believe that a clear and systematic design process can help to improve the quality of gesture-based interaction. In this paper
 we argue that the safe status of a language even with the magnitude of Azerbaijani in Iran cannot be taken for granted and further comprehensive and in-depth research may be needed in this regard. {\textcopyright} 2016 Seyyed-Abdolhamid Mirhosseini
 one in a rural/suburban school district (N = 43)
 and Indianapolis Monthly. The findings reveal that these publications directed their content toward highly educated
 the status of an image changes according to the media used and the contexts of reception. The circulation of images promotes exchange and connection between the various groups of actors. If we awkwardly accompany images
 and image coding quality. Furthermore
 calling upon prior knowledge
 gay
 initiating co-operation along more horizontal
 and (c) assessing the think tanks' connections with international lobbying networks. Our results show that the think tanks studied are consistently related to three types of actor—political
 11.0 {\%} black
 which generates a heavy system stress for I/O data moving and I/O event processing. Consequently
 the level of environmental degradation when linked to GDP per capita gives rise to an N-shaped pattern. The study suggests the need for diverse economic pollution control instruments to avoid degradation of the environment. {\textcopyright} 2015
 young adults
 with a continuously level increasing trigonometric function. The cosine signal and a level increasing direct current signal are employed in our design for improving the searching capacity of the evolved bat algorithm. In order to verify the performance and the searching accuracy of our proposed method
 express their solidarity. That year the telethon was addressed to the medical investigation of rare diseases (RD)
 although with different priority for different subjects. We applied this approach to the domain of colour terms
 6 {\%} Native American
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 I contend that CCTV camera operators engage in two distinct modes of work - 'surface' and 'deep' - as they watch the screens and codify the spectacles that are mediated through the camera lens. The 'surface' work they enact is officially acknowledged and concerns their focusing attention on the screens to identify harmful behaviours
 such as communal fractionalization and development level
 of fertility
 they cannot benefit from this scalability. This paper makes some proposals for improving a temporal H.264/AVC-to-SVC video transcoder so that it can convert an H.264/AVC bitstream without scalability to scalable bitstreams with temporal scalability. The idea behind the proposed transcoder is to accelerate interprediction
 diverse forms of indigenous musical notation primarily serve to sustain traditions and aide the memory of musicians for teaching and learning."
"Le{\'{o}}n
 examined transport distances of lithic raw materials to understand patterns of movement
 the Maker Movement has captured the imagination of hackers and home crafters
 local situation and so on. At present
 by observing the innovation activity of SMEs over certain periods of time. The results first reveal that the level of firm diversity influences the amount of performance manifested by SMEs' innovative activities. Second
 focusing mainly in the system's delay and the probability to exceed a specified packet service time. {\textcopyright} 2016 IEEE."
 winds etc may cause atmospheric induced fading leading to loss of information. In this paper
 the osce backed the launching of a National Dialogue to prevent further escalation of the destructive and increasingly violent internal conflict. The efforts aimed at the consolidation of the Ukrainian political elite from across the country
 exaggeration and stylisation
 limiting the scope of possible user experiences. In order to promote the design of richer experiences that go beyond the functionally-driven paradigm
 are extremely important for project managers and consequently for assuring the success of the project. In this context
 suggesting a high level of homogenization in the local and global modes of news production."
 suggesting a high level of homogenization in the local and global modes of news production. {\textcopyright} 2016."
 along with their global coverage
 in spite of their potentialities. This observation is illustrated by the case studies of two medium-size cities. Moreover
 Pricing and Reimbursement Incentives
 engaging with diverse learning experiences
 results showed that large amounts of flammable gases
 in order to satisfy the requirements in DTSN. In our protocol
 and shared repertoire proposed by Wenger's (1998) community of practice framework. Ultimately
 high-quality library instruction. Originality/value: This paper contributes to the literature on self-managed teams in librarianship and especially self-managed teams to deliver sustainable high volume information literacy. It also contributes to the small pool of literature using the jazz metaphor in library instruction. {\textcopyright} 2016
and assessment of similar artefacts held in museum collections across Australia. The potential of this combined approach within the Australian context is discussed
 other aspects of The Cornhill's material form have received less attention. This article argues that the editor and publisher used the magazine's physical presentation to position it in relation to its diverse audiences and helped to establish its reputation as the foremost literary journal of its time. The analysis considers several key issues: The transmission of value systems through the medium of the symbolic cover; the significance of advertisements; the journal's physical dimensions; the mode of industrialized production; and the role of the twofold issue
 Taiwan in May 2016
 Martin
 they frequently encounter spatially-correlated contention incurring excessive channel contention. In this paper
 it is argued
cited By 0
 to study the behavior preference o f mobile Internet. Besides
 and two parent households. Among families who completed treatment
 linear and random encoder in PHY layer to construct orthogonal hash space for user separation. An AP-driven MAC protocol is then proposed to fully utilize this transmission concurrency for uplink and downlink multiple access. We verify the feasibility of HDMA via a GNU radio testbed
 is an inappropriate tool for the regulation of racially derogatory epithets
cited By 1
 industries. Our analysis shows that formalized CPE norms and standards in such industries as education and healthcare have a largely positive effect on the incidence of employee participation in advanced trainings. Next
 observing and interpreting systems. Being the oldest
 the paper argues for a unique understanding of African indigenous knowledge systems as consonant with the African metaphysical understanding of being. In presenting these arguments
 and secure transmission. The highly safe authentication is based on the integration of an improved authentication module of Spring Security with a U-key method and a RSA algorithm. For authorized access
 calling 911 or presenting at an emergency department)
 or recorded in a ""mock-up"" context created by producers. The effects of all these manipulations have misled listeners into thinking that what they are hearing are the original sounds of instruments such as sape. This situation is similar to a live performance. Many audience members are unaware that the final acoustic outcome for the audience is not only the sound produced by the instrument but also through the main speaker monitors of a performance venue. Local folk music instruments such as sape are traditionally played in a rural and/or communal setting with its unique sound environment. This contextual sound environment however tends to be ignored in the sound reinforcement of live performances as well as in audio recordings. All of the above affects the quality of audio recordings. The intention of this article is to compare
cited By 0
 they display a lack of vibrant public spaces and a narrow range of accommodation options and activities. Urban sociability
 PTSD symptoms
 if his/her mother works"" are dichotomized in agreement versus an indifferent attitude or disagreement. The same approach is used for ""Children often suffer because their fathers con - centrate too much on their work."" Based on the estimated coefficients of logistic regressions
 inclusion of standards on academic integrity
 using a linear spectral unmixing algorithm we performed a soft classification of urban land cover types (end members): trees
 while being portrayed as both confident and progressive
 -ale
 the German debates on religious diversity are not yet over. On the third anniversary of the Court decision in 2015
 including two-sample tests for proportions
 it is desirable to estimate the effect of reducing the web response time when introducing edge computing. Therefore
 by which dialogic relations with the reader are carefully modulated. One aspect of argumentation in editorials that has sometimes been overlooked is that of the concede-counter structure
 sexuality
 inferences drawn by curators
 us and ourselves are used inclusively to create a solid anglophone in-group through the narration of a common (colonial) history
 or calculated
 exemplifying the benefit of studying editorials-a so far underresourced text genre in argument mining. {\textcopyright} 1963-2018 ACL."
 including documentary films
 only 172 people got off the Sewol ferry before it totally capsized and sank. In the months of rescue and search
 such as direct mode of address and ""fresh talk
 we first introduce the budget constraint to linear submodular bandits as a new problem called the linear submodular bandits with a knapsack constraint. We then define an $\alpha$-approximation unit-cost regret considering that submodular function maximization is NP-hard. To solve this problem
 we consider the notion of diversity within extracted keywords in an effort to maximize coverage over a range of topics. We perform experimental evaluations over issues relevant to the Irish General Elections 2016
 giving an average of 0.69 health-promoting messages per newsletter. This result suggests that school newsletters may be underutilised as a mechanism for health promotion within school communities. While mental health issues were explored to the greatest extent
 we use R data language as an approach to technology analysis (TA). TA is to analyze the developed result of target technology using qualitative and quantitative methods
 we present a hybrid sports news recommender system that combines content-based recommendations with collaborative filtering. We developed a recommender dashboard and integrated it into the Sport1.de website. In a user study
 if the distance between the opinions of two neighbors is less than a certain threshold
 which makes it the world's largest community network in terms of the number of nodes and coverage area. This paper describes the characteristics of the network
 we give examples of approximable and non approximable queries. We introduce a measure to quantify the information provided by various analyses using both the Entropy of the answer to the query and of the influence types. We illustrate the approach on Facebook and Twitter data. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 vehicle sensors
 CDN
 there should be a metric to evaluate the benchmarks so as to give them validity. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 we propose to weight spatial locations based on their discriminative abilities in sparse coding for robust face recognition. Specifically
cited By 0
cited By 1
 distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution licence (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
 but also computation-intensive
 interaction designers often still refer to them only as 'users.' We follow some of the historic developments from the information superhighway to the smart city in order to provide the backdrop in front of which we critically analyse three core areas. First
 roles
 we advance the understanding of trust in OSNs by analyzing the Advogato dataset [1]. We study the properties of direct trust
 this work-in-progress paper describes preliminary results about how diversity and ethics interact within engineering design contexts through the use of social network analysis. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 N A and Workman
 by using the information shared on these platforms
 which is learning through mobile devices using various modes of communications like a phone line and contiguous communications
 medium
 social networking platforms and other large online intermediaries actually decrease information diversity by forming so-called “filter bubbles”. This may form a serious threat to our democracies. In response to this threat others have developed algorithms and digital tools to combat filter bubbles. This paper first provides examples of different software designs that try to break filter bubbles. Secondly
"Schrader
 national
 the responsibility for managing lifelong HIV treatment rests solely
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology
 emphasize the principally important aspects of our results
 in their turn
 which resorts to repeatedly solving the excess-demand DTA problem and adjusting the dummy path costs. An application of the proposed modeling and solution methods for an example cell-based network problem favorably illustrates great promise of the methodological advance and solution performance. {\textcopyright} 2015
cited By 0
 imbalanced edges are determined. Afterward
 namely
 these results challenge the notion that associations serve as schools of tolerance in the long run. Political Studies {\textcopyright} 2015 Political Studies Association and John Wiley {\&} Sons Ltd."
 how this property changes? In this work
 if administrators are to successfully implement diversity
 the irregularity of the geometric structure and the heterogeneity of the distribution
"Golan
 also
 how secrets are made
 all election frames are represented in people's reasoning about elections
 and the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). Univariate and multivariate regression models were constructed for the full aggregated sample and for each ethnic subgroup. Results. In the full aggregated sample analysis
 Armijo's rule (AR)
 rises in inequality
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the overwhelming bulk of Otago Daily Times' election coverage was nationally focused
 truthfulness is problematic. Messages in the ‘quantification' modules may be read as deceitfully accurate. The app voice frames smoking as a useless
 high complexity in managing the finances
 diverse particles (DPs)
 suggesting a more complicated definition of Gen Y values exists than is popularly given. {\textcopyright} 2014
 completed the revised version of the Prejudice Against Sexual and Gender Diversity scale. Data reflect a concentration of ‘extreme' and ‘high' prejudice in students enrolled in Engineering
 albeit under different conditions. Among women from overrepresented ethnic groups
 and academic success
 which keeps one RF chain and makes full use of the signals from different diversity antennas. The signals in MAS are not only from each separated antenna but also from their combinations because the RF reconfigurable power combiner can work as a RF switch as well as a RF power combiner under different control conditions. Hence
 D2D communication also suffers from immense obstacles due to the limited storage capacity
cited By 19
 expected cost
 but also the colonisation of those academics and teachers who are from non-English speaking cultures. I urge us to carry more debates such as the one initiated by these three authors
 and then these histogram features are extracted from the DCT coefficients at the special positions. Thirdly
 perseverance of effort
cited By 0
 empirically explored the diversity of love constructs and their architecture. The study brought many constructs to the arena of love research. A hierarchical cluster analysis allowed depicting these dimensions in varying models. Mental representations of love structures varied depending on the participants' mental complexity and other factors. {\textcopyright} 2014
 an asymptotic maximum likelihood demodulation scheme is derived analytically based on a bijective-mapping based modulation. Subsequently
 we contribute to thinking around how SPD is conceptualized and deployed in relation to historically marginalized and racialized youth and communities. We offer ethnographic descriptions from two separate empirical investigations conducted with high school
 cultural and pragmatic determinants which impacted the choices made in reviewing procedures. This paper describes how these diversity of factors leads us to drop the idea of a standard reviewing procedure which would be valid for all journals. {\textcopyright} 2014
 compared to a linear polarized configuration. Thus
 which consequently results in preschoolers' proficiency of decoding skills. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and two major themes Embodiment of Virginity and “We are Arabs.” To reach an embodied virginity
 it challenges the tendency
 socioeconomic
 proliferation of borders deliberately creates dissonance
 item bias). Latino-themed questions
 much literature devoted to analyzing such statements and their implications has emerged. Within this literature
 both terms as separate and disconnected social realms. This view also structures an abstract
 the symbol pairs can be decoded independently. With the constellation rotation of the symbol
 mainly due to widespread abortion. A variety of factors contributed to this
 Haitian FSW
 which take the role of decoding and forwarding the message from the previous node to the next node. To be more specific
 the bit error rate (BER)
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 according to the rule that local failure time observations manifest
 we propose a novel spatial diversity scheme for mmWave RF beamforming. The transmitter is assumed to have partial knowledge of the channel to the receiver. We formulate the spatial diversity problem as maximizing the geometric mean of the projections of the RF precoder on the transmit steering vectors and the geometric mean of the projections of the RF combiner on the receive steering vectors. To solve the optimization problem of the RF beamformers
 a comparison between chaotic interleaving and block interleaving is performed. Simulation results show that the chaotic interleaving scheme can greatly improve the performance of (FFT/DCT/DWT)-CPM-OFDM systems. Furthermore
 we first investigate two interesting phenomena by analyzing query logs and document datasets
 unmet needs were found to be greater for those with carers irrespective of their level of functional dependency. Unmet needs for weekly services
 respectively. The TP operated at the BS that suppresses the MUI at the relays is based on the maximum-signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio approach
 doi:10.5815/ijisa.2014.04.01; Prajna et al. in IEEE international conference on communications and signal processing (ICCSP)
 which provide ocean-going ships with diverse data services cost-effectively. In this paper
 we use data from the Program for International Student Assessment to compare student achievements in DSS schools with those in traditional public schools. We find that while DSS students' test scores in math
 and interference. A particularly interesting PHY-security technology is cooperative relay due to the fact that it helps to provide distributed diversity and shorten access distance. This article offers a tutorial on various multi-antenna relaying technologies to improve security at physical layer. The state-of-the-art research results on multi-antenna relay aided PHY-security as well as some secrecy performance optimization schemes are presented. In particular
 especially for couples in distress. This study supports further investigation into the impact and costs associated with universal interventions versus those that target specific groups of higher risk families. {\textcopyright} 2015 Family Process Institute."
 where the number of inverse models is reduced using a random grouping technique. Extensive empirical simulations demonstrate that the proposed algorithm exhibits robust search performance on a variety of medium to high dimensional multiobjective optimization test problems. Additional nondominated solutions are generated a posteriori using the constructed models to increase the density of solutions in the preferred regions at a low computational cost. {\textcopyright} 1997-2012 IEEE."
 by deriving an asymptotic outage behavior in the high signalto- noise ratio (SNR) regime
 New Zealand
 we need to aggregate multiple sources and understand the relations between them. However
 S and Riffe
 records of radio interviews and Paltalk discussions in the Tigrigna language
"Li
 comment on breaking news
 two steps are taken to explore and tackle the problem. In the first step
 complex
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 additional qualifications obtained by sports science graduates and voluntary activities in the field of sport are both associated with higher incomes
 LRU may cause a high miss count
 and interactive content in social media to classify users has become a hot topic in the field of social network analysis. In this paper
 proposed a combination of MySQL database transcoding queue approach which ultimately reduces the pressure of the server. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 called containers
cited By 0
 device dimension
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 2
 together with the bag of words for each hashtag. The resultant factors successfully localizes the hashtags in all dimensions: counts
 we compare the performance of five existing methods with Motif-Plus incorporated to their original forms. Results show that methods with Motif-Plus outperform their original forms in not only accuracy and retrieval criteria but also recommendation diversity significantly
 educators will be more capable of matching students with their respective learning styles. The proposed model was applied on a sample data collected from the Business College at the German university in Cairo
 we recommend that companies should choose a response strategy that is suitable for the type of crisis they are experiencing as well as the industry sector they belong to. In summary
 it can be useful to investigate and characterize alternative sources of sampling for performing large-scale studies in software engineering. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 are relatively new in the area of computer science. Nevertheless
 technology and media are very diverse. Internet Protocol Television
 perceived usefulness and ease of use of biotechnology virtual labs on different user groups in sciences and engineering. This study focuses mainly on the student and teacher groups from different universities across India. Feedback data was collected via a direct approach using organized workshops conducted in the year 2014-2015. 85{\%} of participants suggested perceived usefulness of biotechnology virtual labs helped them to improve their academic performance compared to a traditional classroom scenario. Most users indicated the learning materials provided by virtual lab system were easy to understand
 leisure trips
 but has also applications for political institutions interested in enhancing computer-mediated public reasoning. {\textcopyright} 2016 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 we first develop a measure to characterize a person's social diversity
 when a user's ties are tied themselves
 crisis and solution constructs—are leveraged via identity-choice (logic of appropriateness) appeals that frame IS as the champion of Sunni Muslims (the in-group identity)
 Web 2.0 technologies have a great potential to facilitate multicultural education and practices through effectively forming transnational learning communities that harness the strengths of diverse students. {\textcopyright} 2016 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 I investigate the effect of the “See Translation” button as an instance of explicit language policy on Facebook users' practices and beliefs
 however
 associated organisations and the Chinese community in Jamaica. The results suggest that the church provides stability and acts as a centre for social networks through which employment
 German and Luxembourgish operate as administrative languages and English plays an increasingly important role. Part one analyses the development of the group's official language policy by group administrators
 but crucially by classed moralities that profoundly shape judgments to sufferers and the media that represent them. A synthesis of ethnographic audience research with middle-class and low-income populations in disaster-prone Philippines shows how middle-class moralities of respectability inform social denial to proximal suffering
 tie strength
 it is also seen by many economies with ageing populations as a way to contain high and ever rising healthcare costs.It has also been suggested that a move to greater self-management supported by expert networks and smart phone technology could improve the treatment of many millions of patients with chronic diseases in low and middle income economies that are also confronting the potential cost implications of epidemiological and demographic transitions
 such as fitness gradient in cultural evolution
cited By 1
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 examples of this power are evident around issues of ability/disability
 Berlin
 thereby creating a paradoxical application of multicultural ideals. This example highlights how contemporary immigration is creating diverse forms of inclusion and exclusion within migrant-receiving nations
 while grounded in vocal practice and music theory
 highlighting the complexity of these processes once multiple identities (namely non-prototypical categories of race and gender) are considered. In response
 although not the one expected. Relating the two types of tasks to each other
 but where the two theories posit incompatible ontologies. That is
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and suggesting that greater inclusivity and use of intersectional approaches will promote the development of more robust and replicable theories. We also caution
 we suggest that the notion of infrastructure is plural rather than singular
 we introduce other work in the field of intersectionality
 or learned energy tables. To reflect these changes
cited By 1
 who had received 6 months of treatment-as-usual in an urban
 and are further strained by organisational structures
 within each subsample the PSOC total and subscale scores were internally consistent and significantly
 and traditions. Such honoring provides responsive conditions for our coming together in and across differences in order that we may productively and creatively address and overturn grammars of violence
 Hoboken
 no significant group differences occurred in which ACEs increased the likelihood of psychiatric diagnoses. However
 using empirical data
 we discuss validated measures for researchers interested in assessing individuals with multiply-stigmatized group identities. The individual difference measures (double consciousness and chronic ostracism experiences) as well as an explicit evaluation (Strong Black Woman schema) may inform pending research examining group processes
 Torres RD (eds) The critical pedagogy reader. Routledge
 and parental control) and adolescent sleep functioning (difficulties initiating sleep and maintaining sleep
 the former model neglects the accumulative interference effect and leads to unwanted interference and sub-optimal results
 objects and people that make up ‘security'. Securing and encounters with security are themselves enveloped
 unlike deep learning classifiers
 and the capacity improvement that comes from diversity of fading across users. Our analytical results provide the precise impact of fading channels on multiuser capacity
 in the analysis
 take videos and pictures
 these suites lack graph applications that must be evaluated in the context of architectural design space exploration for futuristic multicores. This paper presents CRONO
 we analyze the interference distribution (induced by small cells) and the coverage probability from a macrocell user's perspective in the presence of Rician fading. The small cell base station locations are modelled by a homogeneous spatial poisson point process. Our analysis relies on stochastic geometric tools and the results were confirmed by Monte Carlo simulations. {\textcopyright} 2015
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we compare the performance of RSCC
 we present a systematic overview of revisitation prediction techniques
 our seeding algorithm selects the node with the most votes as seed and locally updates the supports of nodes to their neighbors. Experiments on different types of large networks show that our seeding algorithm is able to select good seeds which can leads to global overlapping communities with good quality. The experiments also show that our seeding algorithm is competitive in running time. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 which received regular intercultural learning classes. Results indicated that the intervention supported learning and the cooperative learning situations in combination with the affectively oriented teaching methods stimulated intercultural learning processes. However
 chiropractic
 energy is a fundamental design aspect of UWSN's protocol. Besides
 mobile social networks
 Facebook). Our system analyzes a minute of end-user interaction with the application in about 24 seconds
 or cannot
 both coding efficiency and throughput were considered. This paper highlights the key techniques that were proposed and adopted up to HEVC Draft International Standard (DIS). In addition
 as well as porous medium permeability (Darcy number) on velocity profiles
 is an efficient method for reducing temporal redundancy in a sequence of video signals. To this end
 and that can be considered as a cross between the two. The solution obtained through EA/G algorithm is further improved through an improvement operator. We have compared the performance of our hybrid evolutionary approach with the state-of-the-art approaches on general graphs as well as on UDG. Computational results show the superiority of our approach in terms of solution quality as well as execution time. {\textcopyright} 2015
 we found that the topics of research associated with IS in SCM are diversified
 health prevention and management through U-healthcare has been developed. However
 as well as make sense of the means of transmission
 k-means
cited By 0
 Latino American
cited By 10
 the proposed algorithm efficiently summarizes knowledge structures based on the metadata of photos/videos and Wikipedia articles. {\textcopyright} 2015 ACM."
 texture characteristics and spatial con-straints into soft matching
"Schinas
 such as human pose and clothes
cited By 3
"Wang
 and schedules STDMA slot and transmit power to each link of this route. To effectively combat the fading channels
 and positive affect
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 based on historical data and based on the work of the King that served as a guiding script for all the subsequent tasks. In both museums
 and religious motivations: Quest-Intrinsic Religiousness (highest levels of salience
 which is quite different from clean
 deliberate efforts must be expanded to assess and evaluate program efficiency. Also
 based on the heterogeneous network and social network
cited By 0
 appropriate state-of-the-art text mining techniques are necessary. In this paper
 the diffusions may be unseen (the diffusions between the source and target user of the diffusion are not observed in training data)
cited By 8
 M and Bose
 tourism and cultural heritage. The creation of interactive 3D presentations is typically a complex process covering diverse aspects of the content such as geometry
 we further study the use of Instagram in five diverse geographic locations
 provisioning
 mutually exclusive. Reviews of 'core' and 'avantgarde' games had different measures of purchase value
 2004). However
502 execution runs of the 1
000 users including citizens
 the ANC has adopted a market-driven approach to the development of the sector
cited By 2
 which combines the SDN technique with intra-flow network coding for WMNs. Our developed protocol can simplify the deployment and management of the network and improve network performance. In OpenCoding
 there is very little work in understanding the dynamics of passive consumers and their influence. Our global scale Internet measurement of user access patterns of a diverse set of Internet media services indicates conclusively that majority of consumers are passive. In this paper
 the restriction of learning opportunities appears more crucial in patterning cultural diversity among complex foragers than the potential impacts from individuals drawing on different seasonal social networks. {\textcopyright} JASSS."
 this paper conceptually advances four distinct models based on the locus of control and coordination of such support: uncoordinated; casework governance; dwelling-based governance; and user-coordinated. Using illustrations from case studies of individuals receiving care
 the epistemic uncertainties should not play a role in finding agreements on climate change mitigation. {\textcopyright} 2015
"Katiyar
 cultural
 we derive a closed-form approximate BER formula
 (2) a structural tension between organizations that provide stability to persist and build unified knowledge
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 1975; Klein in Linguist Philos 4:1–45
 however
 involved the collaboration of youth from diverse cultural groups in the Sutherland Shire and resulted in a moving-media installation that projected digital stories onto the sails of a junk boat. With its message
 we estimate the total number of immigrants and refugees in the community to be somewhere between 10
 sometimes reducing p-values. Second
 owing to the involvement of politics
"Cwynar
 I synthesize the evidence for the movement of agricultural technology through this region
 user-defined deadlines and data transfer times within a hybrid computing infrastructure. Our hybrid computing infrastructure consists of local cluster and cloud resources using HTCaaS. We observe noticeable improvements in performance when our auto-scaling methods for bag-of-tasks and workflow applications is applied. {\textcopyright} 2015
 web search
 J"
 we propose a reconfigurable NoC that leverages inactive routers of a many-core chip to customize the topology for active cores. In this design
 the problem of workflow scheduling in cloud becomes an important research topic. The challenges of the problem lie in: NP-hard nature of task-resource mapping; diverse QoS requirements; on-demand resource provisioning; performance fluctuation and failure handling; hybrid resource scheduling; data storage and transmission optimization. Consequently
 where the only form available to people with the least secure livelihoods is that which
 few studies have evaluated the program's effectiveness in rural schools. Given that rural youth are at an increased risk for risky behaviors (e.g.
 we present the findings
 simpler
 for its potential usefulness in the context of finding large independent sets. Moreover
 the design and implementation of PREP do not provide substantial support of lesbian
 the design of co-simulation tools may be costly and time consuming. Thus
 seems to have had a ritual function. Mainly locally available animal resources were consumed
 due to active participation of millions of users on social networking sites the SNSs forms a virtual world that has very close correspondence with the real world communities that possess immense possibilities to mirror the real world events and activities. Motivated with this
 part-of-speech tagging
 mode of text
 we show that diversity contributes to tolerance more when people are open-minded; when conservatives encounter dissimilar attitudes
 the method can be customized for a particular colour deficient individual. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 the research identifies the individualism of hooking up as a “double-edged sword” for college women
 we propose a comprehensive framework to infer the user occupation from his/her social activities recorded in the micro-blog system
 which motivates us to propose a two-stage algorithm for learning the model. The first stage selects the subset of wavelets from the dictionary by a shared matching pursuit algorithm. The second stage then estimates the parameters of the model given the selected wavelets. Our experiments show that the sparse FRAME models are capable of representing a wide variety of object patterns in natural images and that the learned models are useful for object classification. {\textcopyright} 2014
 we bring attention to the challenges and opportunities that developing solutions to streaming data classification tasks are likely to face using evolutionary approaches. {\textcopyright} 2014
 we propose a probabilistic topic model to discover the latent data structure of the app corpus. The outputs of the topic model are further used to identify the function of an app and its most informative words. We verify the effectiveness of the proposed methods through extensive experiments on two real app datasets crawled from Google Play and Windows Phone Store
 for which sparse coding is cheap. However
 we propose Octopus
 education would aim to secure and distribute valuable education capabilities to diverse students (women and men
 it is also necessary to consider whether the influence of environmental actors through intermediary networks extends to the policy formation process. This paper describes the networks involved in the renewable energy feed-in tariff system enacted in Japan after March 2011 and in Germany in the early 2000s and 2012 to investigate such influences. When comparing the energy policies of Japan and Germany
 and make reference to partially distinct empirical phenomena. A brief survey of contemporary neighborhood research reveals the persistence of these spatial accounts
 youth create their own. The participants in this study banded together and create networks that offered financial support as well as education about life on the streets. {\textcopyright} 2014
 an identity of becoming
 BER and the distance between the cluster and the base station (BS) (cluster-BS)
 activities
 we introduce a probabilistic structure to resolve the diversity–accuracy dilemma in recommender systems. We propose a hybrid model with adjustable level of diversity and precision such that one can perform this by tuning a single parameter. The proposed recommendation model consists of two models: one for maximization of the accuracy and the other one for specification of the recommendation list to tastes of users. Our experiments on two real datasets show the functionality of the model in resolving accuracy–diversity dilemma and outperformance of the model over other classic models. The proposed method could be extensively applied to real commercial systems due to its low computational complexity and significant performance. {\textcopyright} 2014
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 results point to differences in teachers' conceptions of assessment depending on four aspects: how assessment affects the teaching process
 we quantify the trade-ofi between difierent metrics and propose to use it to tune the parameters of recommender algorithms without the need for online testing. Another application for the model is a self-adjusting algorithm blend that optimizes a recommender's parameters over time. We evaluate our findings on data and experiments from news websites. {\textcopyright} 2015 ACM."
 leading to a very expensive implementation. Until now
 Inc."
 the relay node uses the spectrum that is not available for the source-to-destination direct link. Hence
 I H and Khan
 performance and functionality can evolve with the digital infrastructure without making existing components obsolete
 the research shows that relays near the sources can play a significant role in increasing source node's utility
 one that gave a more dominant role to cytoplasmic (instead of nuclear) factors. This paper argues that
 mindfulness was positively associated with inhibitory control and working memory
 which is important when testing clinically referred children. We also discuss alternate explanations and additional factors to consider. {\textcopyright} 2014
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 to propose a new ethics for educational leadership. An ethics of plurality and natality resists a dominant understanding of education as developing a what
 have a tutor and are helped with their homework by their parents. These children are those who come from the more affluent social classes and in particular those whose parents have the highest level of formal education. The inequalities once observed in access to school have now shifted to extracurricular supervision and the choice of school. The survey also highlighted that the few children still entirely outside of the school system are foster children. {\textcopyright} 2015
 nevertheless
 special software and hardware design has been minimal. {\textcopyright} 1983 Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers
 latest events
 we analogize the relationship among data variables as a sort of generalized social network [1]
 these integrationist policies were replaced by an approach valuing diversity and the right to a differentiated educational system
cited By 3
 we obtain a high resolution entropy-consistent flux function (ECL-M-M/EC2L-M-M) precisely satisfies the discrete second law of thermodynamics. Several numerical simulations of the ECL/EC2L scheme have been tested on one-dimensional test cases. For Burgers equations
 such as racist police forces
 2007) (Hybrid)
 as exemplars of alternative methods of narration. This study further argues that these new media artworks employ a cybernetic narrative via modes of “circularity
 multicultural city. This paper critically considers the construction of meaning of Regent Park as a place
 MuDA is also designed to resist differential attacks that most secure data aggregation schemes may suffer. Through detailed security and utility analyses
 industrial settings
 social justice advocacy
 there is now a broad consensus that these body adornments are important for exploring the origins of cognitive
 several non-primate species appear to perform better in the object-choice task than primates do. Different hypotheses have been offered to explain the results. Some of these have employed generalizations about primates or subsets of primate taxa that do not take into account the unparalleled diversity that exists between species within the primate order on parameters relevant to the requirements of the object-choice task
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 say
 but these terms are ambiguous and have been applied inconsistently
 and the largest ever survey of UK community news practitioners (183 responses). We found that these sites produce a good deal of news about community activities
 preferred e-learning given its interactive
 rock-punkish music at the time labelled ‘Boerepunk' and ‘Alternative Afrikaans Music Movement'
 many of whom are from nontechnical disciplines. Researchers do not have a generalpurpose scaffold to make sense of the data and the complex web of relationships between entities
 and in particular specific urban spaces
 Emirati
 we find that friendship in online social networks can better describe self-report friendship compared to friendship created by frequent physical encounters. Several supervised classifiers with the combination of features extracted from mobile trace data and online social data are used to predict the self-report social relationship under different social strengths. Results show that the proposed model can correctly predict more than 80{\%} friends under strongest social tie strength. What is more
 in-group strength and cohesion. We operationalize coalitional affiliation as the extent to which people rely on a homogeneous social network
 patients
cited By 3
 I show how they attend to the linguistic and multi-modal choices with which digital media users and producers orient to
"Cheng
 to the end-users to minimize the overall latency. The dynamics of the video sources
cited By 1
 including seasonal hunting of migratory ducks and geese
"Patel
 E H and Al-Hussaini
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 a low-cost optimization results in improved assignments of resources
 to decrease error from real object position. We test the performance of our spline resampling and the global transition model in the particle filter in object tracking scenario. Experimental results demonstrate that particle filter with the spline resampling and the global transition model has the promising discriminative capability in comparison with other ones. {\textcopyright} 2014
 rather than as a mere fact preceding the narrative. Regarding the conceptual history of the term
 with uncertain outcomes. The proposed approach consists of a five-step process for the structured identification and assessment of compliance risks. This process aims at facilitating the identification of compliance risks and their documentation in a consistent and reusable fashion. As part of the process
 there is a high degree of freedom to perform subjective assessment in certain viewing environments in terms of multimodal cues (aural and tactile senses)
 and exploring and learning from grief. I draw on psychological
 etc.; citation age; and scholarliness of journal articles as determined by impact factor. Seventy-five student dissertations as well as 63 faculty articles written between 1983 and 2014 were inspected
 N M"
cited By 1
 S"
 this study suggests preliminary ideas towards an integrated e-business for SMEs framework. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
cited By 1
 receiving at least one “crush” nomination from an opposite sex grademate). Self-reported empathy was positively associated with students' romantic desirability (primarily for those with high peer acceptance)
 and in an academic world that is also dominated by the growing use of English. After a listing and presentation of all the libraries and media centers existing in French Polynesia and New Caledonia
 and a suboptimal route selection algorithm that effectively balances delay and anonymity has been proposed which has a negligible gap to the optimal solution
 ever-growing graph will quickly overwhelm currently-available computing resources. One potential solution to the issue of handling very large graphs is to handle data as a 'stream'. In this work
 political and economic contexts within which civil unrest occurs. We use logistic regression models with Lasso to select a sparse feature set from our diverse datasets
 and reveal some interesting results. Surprisingly
 the experimental results allow us to differentiate the behavior of different methods and show which method is suitable with respect to which property. Our Local Degree method is fast enough for large-scale networks and performs well across a wider range of properties than previously proposed methods. {\textcopyright} 2015 ACM."
 is displayed. However
 we applied noise node addition technique to generate the anonymized graphs so that the structural property of the raw graph is preserved. Our proposed methods add noise nodes with very minimal social importance. We applied eigenvector centrality concept over traditional degree centrality concept to prevent mixing of highly influential nodes with less influential nodes in the equivalence groups."
 and hidden social influences make the problem more challenging. In this work
cited By 0
cited By 2
 and degree assortativity. We find that Weibo users have a higher diversity index
 however
 dependence
 an important question arises: will it spread to ""viral"" proportions - where ""viral"" is defined as an order-of-magnitude increase. However
 while signal {\$}{\$}{\{}x{\_}1{\}}{\$}{\$}x1 is also forwarded from multiple relays to a user in the second time slot. The two layer signals ({\$}{\$}{\{}x{\_}1{\}}{\$}{\$}x1 and {\$}{\$}{\{}x{\_}2{\}}{\$}{\$}x2) meet and superimpose with each other in the air in the second time slot. Then successive interference cancellation (SIC) is used for decoding at the user. In this paper
 the methods in which Twitter selects data to disseminate through the stream are either vague or unpublished. Since Twitter maintains sole control of the sampling process
 including interviews and focus groups
 each discussing four scenarios and co-designing the presentation of cues on the display. The results suggest that the display has potential to break the private bubble of mobile device activities
 i.e. safety-related applications; the second using the entropy and its combination with AHP to determine the weights of performance metrics; and the third adopting the grey relation analysis to rank the alternatives. The analysis results show that the proposed comprehensive evaluation scheme can obtain the optimum performance and also effectively investigate on capabilities and constraints of VANETs. {\textcopyright} 2015
 for the cognitive AF relay networks
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and existential conflict). In this study
 where each SNS user is an information sensor and also a data connector for diffusing interesting news to his/her communication networks. Hiding inside the information flow are pieces of real social events. The events draw attention from users evidencing by the number of relevant announces and communication interactions toward that topic. However
 together with the globalized request demands and the high computation demand from each sourcer
 especially smart phones and tablets
 which enables MIMO nodes to transmit variable numbers of streams in multiple discontinuous spectrum ranges. This scheme can largely improve the spectrum utilization and meanwhile maintain the same spatial multiplexing and diversity gains as traditional MIMO schemes. To implement this spectral-efficient scheme on cooperative MIMO relays in cognitive radio networks
 and is managed by the OSN to improve its users' video access experience using both centralized cloud resources and edge servers. Given the strong dynamics of the access patterns
 and allowing all participants simultaneous access to the playback device. This allows for all involved users to take part in the music selection process
 capable of supporting a very broad and diverse set of applications. We illustrate use of the primitives in developing a healthcare application for monitoring medical conditions and wellness. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 for want of more savings in computational time
 activist and migrant practices in addressing questions of inclusion and exclusion in the city
 families are the primary unit for providing gendered socialization and distributing power across the generations. In this issue and two subsequent issues of Sex Roles
 parent problems (e.g.
 satisfaction
cited By 2
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and how such information should be disseminated to a network model. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and directed improvisation techniques. Workshops introduce linear logic
 web content advising
"Agrawal
cited By 12
 LASSO regression
 new tweets
 and promote the development of the social network. However
 those that can potentially be turned into future customers. Identifying valuable prospects is called the audience extension problem because advertisers find new customers by extending the desirable criteria for their starting point
 but latent topics in text messages posted with local contexts have not been utilized effectively. In this paper
 their cost has left many small and medium organizations preferring to do without one. In an attempt to bridge this gap
 N and Croft
 our evaluation goes beyond the common accuracy measure and examines aspects of serendipity and novelty. We also inspect how various features of the recommended item
 means anything published before they entered graduate school). Much of today's received wisdom may be nothing more than the fossilized residue of lively debates concerning such things as. estimation of value and evaluation of systems. Returning to those discussions may open the door to genuinely new insights. On the other hand
 date
cited By 2
cited By 5
 we try to make use of tweets from different web applications to improve the user engagement evaluation performance. To this aim
 is a very challenging task in these unique structures with huge
 accessible and interactive. Twitter was credited with providing opportunities to access novel ideas and stay abreast of education advances and trends
 such that endosocial and exosocial processes are mutually constitutive. I lastly outline how the category ‘primitivism' is a useful resource for situating this tourism in wider and deeper historical contexts. {\textcopyright} 2014 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 and positive school experiences and characteristics is associated with the likelihood of engaging in prosocial bystander behavior in a large sample (N = 5752; 51.03 {\%} female) of racially/ethnically diverse rural youth. It was hypothesized that social capital would be associated with an increased likelihood of engaging in prosocial bystander behavior. Following multiple imputation
 and the solutions found to these differences are discussed. In the same time as multicellularity ushered life into the epoch of mortality it logically also led to the appearance of fertilization and thereby the need for a whole new set of elaborate semiotic scaffoldings. Multicellularity also opened the door to the formation symbiotic relations where cells with different genomes might collaborate or at least coexist inside the same body. All in all multicellularity led to an enormous diversification both of morphology space and the space of sensomotoric elaborations. New means for scaffolding of this expansion and diversification of possible life forms into functional patterns called for a corresponding growth in the space of semiotic tools (chemical processes
 a country at the leading edge of family change in Europe. We generate latent attitude profiles of men and women based on attitudes related to the Value of Children
 we further estimate trust values at source-level. Our recommender systems utilize several types of Collaborative Filtering (CF) approaches
 implemented in the XORBAS version of Hadoop. These codes perform well in our clusters but the performance gain observed in our results does not conform to the results reported. Hence
 and social media postcards of theme parties and race-planking called trayvoning. The author not only will address Martin as a specific site to project of collective racial longing but will also point to ways minoritized Y'ers are a part of the collective new dream defenders to challenge racial terror today. {\textcopyright} 2015 SAGE Publications."
 we conducted in-depth interviews with 21 parents and 26 youths (13-18. years) living in a low-income
 monitoring
 Turkey
 professors
 however
 and military operations. Unfortunately
 the explanations are fruitful in another sense. In the Hungarian project certain questions are asked that would not be asked with a more usual methodology. The Hungarians are distinguished from other scientists in asking logical and mathematical questions
 robust improvements
 such as art disciplines of visual arts
 we outline the development of an eight dimensional FONS framework. We then show
 physically active play. Outdoor space and teacher support are identified as important factors in childhood settings to promote PA and risk-taking. The emphasis on outdoor environments as a mediator of physically active play should be beneficial in directing limited resources to the provision of environments that are most likely to produce positive PA outcomes. {\textcopyright} 2014
 district professional development facilitators
 and the length of time it was available in the classroom. Implications for selecting toys for classrooms and observing children's play with them are presented. {\textcopyright} 2014
 we propose a best effort feed refresh strategy that achieves maximum aggregation quality compared with all other existing policies with the same average number of refreshes. This strategy is based on specific online change estimation models developed after a deep analysis of the temporal publication characteristics of a representative collection of real-world RSS feeds. The presented methods have been implemented and tested against synthetic and real-world RSS feed data sets. {\textcopyright} 2014
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 internet experience
 we propose two algorithms for matching and merging ontologies so as to achieve the enrichment with FOAF. We define then some bridge axioms. We illustrate the applicability of our approach through a concrete example. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 our approach extracts textual features for people of different personality traits based on the Big Five model. Moreover
 during
 or a piece of description. In this paper
cited By 0
"Mahboobi
 successive interference cancellation
"Yu
 such as successful access probability
 symbol error rate performance and implementation complexity. The impact of approximate expressions used in the proposed algorithm is also analyzed. {\textcopyright} 2015
 which refers to an amount of water. While these two readings of measure phrases in pseudo-partitives are cross-linguistically well represented
 is almost always ‘powered on' like server
 research and practice. The article concludes by proposing seven directions for future research in child career development. {\textcopyright} 2015
 a new decision forest training objective designed to directly minimize the entropy of distributions in a metric space. When applied to a model surface
cited By 0
 rights
 either in another item (filtering by novelty) or globally in his recent history (filtering by diversity). Our experiments illustrate the impact of our different parameters and confirm the scalability of our approach and the relevance of the results notified. Copyright {\textcopyright}2015 ACM."
 obtained through a topic search
 which in turn is associated with political posting behavior online. Interestingly
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 (3) Channel inversion with fixed rate policy
cited By 0
cited By 9
 we propose an RS–MS selection scheme with limited feedback for multiuser cooperative networks. The aim of the proposed scheme is to enhance spectral efficiency exploiting diversity techniques. To enhance spectral efficiency
 more sensing nodes are needed while the throughput of the CR networks is decreased. However
 and discuss how different types of initiatives will scale. We argue that universally-targeted
 and distributed control algorithm is designed for the robot to explore unknown environments. Simulations results verified this approach with reconfiguration locomotion of UBot robots in diverse unfamiliar environments. Hardware experiment with 16 modules also indicates the physical feasibility of the method. {\textcopyright} 2014
 animal
 modifies the general DE mutation operation to produce a population at each generation. To determine and evaluate a better spread of the non-dominated solution
 and the second one investigates the performance of the two proposed operators. The statistical results indicate that the proposed algorithm has better conergence speed and diversity and it is very promising for dealing with dynamic environment. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and how strongly they identify with the ANZAC legend as the dominant narrative of Australian nationalism
 independent subsamples were identified. First
 the visual and performance experiments are done. The visual results using our proposed method are compared with those using other segmentation methods including an improved k-means clustering algorithm (I-K-means)
 the use of them in financial and economic discourses and their particular categorization to make sense of the crisis situations. In the second part
 and dimensions that all together create a foundation for the participatory library. A participatory library model was also developed together with an explanation of model building blocks that provide a deeper understanding of the participatory library phenomenon. Research limitations: The research focuses on a specific library system
 interactively receiving information in the active model offered a more significant sense of presence. For the physiological measurement
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 reflection
 etc.) in the development process and the (personalized) configuration of such exergames. Two prototypically implemented applications (ErgoActive and BalanceFit) demonstrate the usability and adaptation of the underlying training and game concepts for different user groups and provide indicators of the effectiveness and efficiency of the generic framework for particular user groups. For instance
 as well as the cultural teaching traditions of the teachers in charge
 document frequency
 each antenna of the FD relay is able to transmit/receive the signal. Each relay adaptively selects its Tx antenna and Rx antenna based on the instantaneous channel conditions
 and culture. This dependency should be carefully considered to provide satisfactory music recommendations. Presently
 which is followed by a pulse with suitable frequency increment to locate the target in range dimension. Using the MIMO–FDA radar with double pulse method has improved the range-angle localization of the target. Simulations and results have verified the effectiveness of the proposed radar. The Cramer Rao lower bound for the proposed radar has also been derived and compared with the double pulse FDA radar. {\textcopyright} 2015
 the code achieves a lower decoding complexity without any performance degradation. To furthermore reduce complexity
 an analytical model for the proposed scheme is also developed. Extensive simulation experiments have been conducted to evaluate the performance of our proposed approach. The simulation results illustrate that the proposed scheme significantly improves the network efficiency compared to other schemes in terms of accepting more connections into the network and assuring QoS for all service classes. The numerical results have shown similar performance to the simulation results. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and do these properties play different roles at different points in the assembly? We investigate these and other questions using a unique dataset of online connections among the roughly one million users at the first 100 colleges admitted to Facebook
 especially for smaller and highly variable datasets. In this paper
 and family income level on social support perceived by Spanish university students. The sample consisted of 575 women and 280 men
 conversely
 figural representation and the burial assemblage. Using these diverse datasets dialectically
 Homogeneity
 image segmentation
 Education Research Institute
cited By 1
cited By 0
 decision feedback technique was investigated into the new algorithm
 zero-forcing decoder can applied to achieve good performance while still maintain low decoding complexity. In this paper
 a performance comparison of SMOPSO is made to two benchmark algorithms. Preliminary results suggest the proposed algorithm may improve the diversity of solutions for a limited selection of optimization problems
 and their prediction is used to bias the search towards valid designs
 we highlight the feasibility of the proposal by means of experimentation with real social networking data and an implementation of a prototype system."
 in order to deal with such high-frequency data
 amidst the 2014 Academy Awards. Quantitative and qualitative findings validate the technique of in-context exploratory browsing interfaces for social media. Their consistency supports the validity of ideation metrics of exploratory browsing as an evaluation methodology for interactive systems designed to promote creative engagement."
 fail to measure information seeking
 which is typically very short (e.g.
 especially if they want to review their day in photographs. Social media websites
 aiming to automatically rank images according to their visual information
 incomplete
 we propose a unified YouTube video recommendation solution via cross-network collaboration: users' auxiliary information on Twitter are exploited to address the typical problems in single network-based recommendation solutions. The proposed two-stage solution first transfers user preferences from auxiliary network by learning cross-network behavior correlations
cited By 4
 the caching strategy may cache different content in nearby BSs to maximize the hit ratio
 stemming from the plurality of legal sources
 our review suggests that the concept of research portfolio can indeed be a useful analytical instrument for tackling complex societal challenges. Specifically
 while much progress has been made in binary class active learning
 laughing aloud or smiling corresponding to happiness
 a simulation based approach of experimentation and research is adopted by many researchers. Many simulation tools are available supporting diverse research studies in the Grid computing area. However
 with self-reported open-mindedness and perceived importance accounting for these attitudes. Findings also revealed a high level of pre-existing knowledge of the concept of mindfulness. These findings may serve as a catalyst for further investigation
 and it is shown to be a key predictor in the social contagion process. Based on this
 contact
cited By 3
 and Latino descent) differed in how their perceptions of their parents' motivating variables were related to their own achievement motivations
 can broaden the diversity of expertise within the M{\&}S community. We introduce an M{\&}S course that uses Max/MSP software
 reinforces dominant societal values and ideologies. The case not only highlights how unprecedented ritual forms come to flourish in the current era of ‘participatory' media culture
 this is established in the light of
 relay selection
 R and Benford
 the candidate text connected components are identified using a set of heuristic rules. Finally
 the service and the network) to manage mobility are twofold. First
 A"
 changes to the social order arising from the increasingly complex patterns of inward migration have led to conflicts between a persistent monolingual ideology and multilingual realities. On the other hand
 we first propose a time window based approach to predict in which time window the burst will appear. This paves the way to transform the time prediction task to a classification problem. To address the challenge that the original time series data of the cascade popularity only are not sufficient for predicting cascades with diverse magnitudes and time spans
 most studies using Twitter data today rely on the 1{\%} and 10{\%} randomly sampled streams of tweets that are provided by Twitter. In this paper
 nonstationary nature
 our study demonstrates that
 we present a generic framework for automatic demographic (age
 moral goods (e.g.
 chaos
 we propose a speech signal extraction method using a detection filter of energy spectrum entropy. The proposed method is polluted speech–signal noise extraction to reduce noise with an AELMS filter to detect robust voice activity. An AELMS filter maintains source features of speech
 Twitter lacks data labeling and a rating mechanism to acquire sentiment labels. The extremely sparse text of tweets also brings down the performance of a sentiment classifier. In this paper
 and provide explicit detection performance for degree-regular tree networks. Surprisingly
 the culture of DMAC is rich and prolific. We find it difficult
 we propose a new data selection framework which can be used to design a speech recognition corpus. We show for limited data sets
 the study adopts a web-based survey of top U.S. news editors (n = 142) coupled with U.S. Census Data. The study reveals that experience as online journalists and online staff size play roles in the adoption and use of UGC. The study also finds that community structural pluralism is related to the adoption and use of news stories written together by professional and citizen journalists. {\textcopyright} 2015 AEJMC."
 and we discuss lessons learned. NELL has been learning to read the web 24 hours/day since January 2010
 one could verify if the use of the coarser model and of the resulting coupling does not introduce spurious effects. In order to validate this indicator
 and their imaginative abilities in the production of divinatory knowledge. These novel forms of client engagement in divination have increased the popularity of divination practices while also revealing the possibilities and constraints attached to processes of identity transformation through media technologies. Televized and film-based divination have helped to publicly expose the activities and culprits of serious evil-doing
 coupled with the archaeology of household foodways in the Chinatown neighborhood
cited By 0
 as evidenced in media
"Pevec
 and central business districts (CBDs) and compare their relative importance in Wuhan
cited By 1
 environmental change
 referred to a specialty clinic after an allegation of inappropriate physical discipline or substantiated physical abuse. The vignettes illustrate strategies to address ECFs
 while comparing Russia with its cultural and linguistic neighbors
 gender and class played out today within this low-cost housing estate
 the need for safe and secure vehicular communication is considered important. In the same vein
 languages
 witnessing
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 it is now surpassing the ethnic and cultural diversity that was lost in the years of Nazi dictatorship. Can it maintain its attraction for creative talent
 and their (3) view of their organization's progress toward racial equity. The study also explored (4) factors that might be associated with personal engagement and progress toward organizational change and (5) the role of race in the outcomes. Findings include increased knowledge and attitude change
 the orthodox concept of rationality is assumed and plausible assumptions are made about human nature and social cooperation
 89.4 {\%} were Caucasian and 10.6 {\%} were African American. The research questions examined the relationship between school diversity
 higher family obligation values tended to occur with indicators of positive family functioning (e.g.
"Raja
 and queer (LGBTQ) persons has not had the same success as in other parts of the world. The purpose of this study was to examine how society and politics influence men who have sex with men (MSM) and transgender women in Macedonia
 full recovery of chronic disease is difficult to achieve as its cause is diverse and complex. Therefore
cited By 1
 and language testing professionals. Survey responses from the participants indicated both willingness to embrace diversity and reservations about accommodating differences. Further analysis by stakeholder indicated that perceptions varied to a certain extent across stakeholder groups. The results also indicated that various factors were recognized as contributing to an academic test's global perception. The findings contribute to our understanding of assessing academic English in the global context. The results can also inform the alignment of testing practices with the reality of English language use globally
 but in many settings
 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 this paper examines the degree that Twitter is a ""wise"" crowd in terms of its structure
 social media etc. day by day. In the digital world
 a tuple containing the keywords) with surrounding nodes that summarize all data held on the graph about the DS. OS snippets
 K I and Kolodyazhny
 has better performance
 a progressive political class adopts the oral as medium of choice for strengthening and diversifying civil society. Following theorists Diane Davis
 the death penalty
 we explore the impact that disasters have on the underlying sentiment of social me- dia streams. During disasters
 academics
 academics
 of free-Text. However
 and search click log data. An ensemble of predictive models over multiple sources faces unique challenges - ascertaining short-term versus long-term effects of features on churn
 providing important considerations at the moment of building these systems."
 academics
 and the feedback that users receive
 requiring a high tolerance for value diversity. Second
 validating
 economics or media). First hand evidences for such processes are of great bene t for expert users such as journal- ists
900 published stories
 but not at higher viscosity values. Initial results herein demonstrate that the accuracy of the first order systems approach are comparable to the results produced by the original entropy-consistent Navier–Stokes flux. {\textcopyright} 2014
 a method to calculate each user's local social circle broadness is presented. Preliminary experiments on a coauthor dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of social circle broadness in information diffusion. Furthermore
 forwarding strategies and opportunistic dissemination protocols. We thus propose a strategy to analyze users' interactions in dynamic networks where entities act according to their interests and activity dynamics. Our strategy
 for every pair of gallery ear and probe ear
"Yuan
 if and only if au{\textperiodcentered}av≥t
"{Bernardini Papalia}
 GME approach allows to estimate the measurement error that can be used to adjust the composite indicator of the latent explanatory variable. An extensive simulation and two case studies show the usefulness of this approach. {\textcopyright} 2014
 facilitates P2P searching efficiency and would be widely used in routing-aware for future Internet. By introducing node trust mechanism
 and clothing). The cofactors may affect some parts of gait while other parts remain unchanged and can be used for recognition. We propose a robust technique to define which parts are more effective and which parts are less effective for cofactors like clothing
 1992b) Patronage theory. In this paper
 more important ones. The scarce openings for linguistic diversity that teachers made
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 0
 and increased immigration are essential for regional economic growth and development. This article is based on the proceedings of 2012 conference of Atlantic Canada Economics Association held in Halifax with the aim of promoting public discussions around regional labor market issues and also on the author's own research and literature review. {\textcopyright} 2014
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 including perceptions of accountability
 and model-making experiences compared to a typical commercial curriculum formerly used at the school. The 23 2nd graders in the experimental group from a low socio-economic district in Iowa were matched to 23 2nd graders in other classrooms at the same school on pretest scores to form the control group. Although both groups gained knowledge from pretest to posttest
 diversity gain and correlation efficiency. As per results
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 with an analytic expression for its variance. Confidence intervals are also obtained for the parameter
cited By 20
 the forwarder selection for each SU
 migrant
 and in this case
 2006
 we present performance comparison of AGMLSTTCs generated using different component STTCs. We use Tarokh
 expressing sincere empathy
"Rajkhowa
 simulation results show that the symbol error rate performance is improved considerably. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and the relationship between them. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and math (STEM) studies and career. Data collected from students attending urban elementary schools were used for exploratory factor analysis (n = 265) and confirmatory factor analysis (n = 193). Results suggest that Hopes and Goals Survey is a five factor model with internal consistency ranging from 0.609 to 0.904. In addition
 these schemes are studied in high SNR and also the diversity order and power gain are obtained. In addition
 women chairs prove less likely to pursue a gender diversity strategy
 promote and fulfil human rights. Legislative and policy choices in Ireland have resulted in a two-dimensional system based on nationality and skill/qualification level. The result is that non-European Economic Area (EEA)/Swiss migrants
 unwanted threats to the local QoL (e.g.
 they have not yet reached Design and Technology Education in primary and secondary schools. Most teachers do not yet provide opportunities for pupils to conduct research to uncover the needs
 the number of measurements must satisfy M ≥ C {\textperiodcentered} $\mu$22($\Phi$
 and a generic approach to integration of the DAC MAC/PHY layer into a typical routing algorithm. Considering the use of DAC for multiple network flows
 a node pair in CRN should be able to rendezvous on every licensed channels (i.e.
 South Africa
 globalized
"{Schofield Clark}
 while digital spaces are sites for transnational contestation
 which is then matched to a library of knowledge about the countries. We perform a user study of 69 participants and conduct 11 in-depth interviews in order to evaluate the efficacy of the proposed approach and gather qualitative insight into the effect of multi-faceted use of Twitter on the perception of the bridges. We find the increase in interest concerning little-known content to greatly depend on the pre-existing disposition to it. Additionally
 such as single fathers' use of Reddit instead of Facebook
 there is a lack of awareness and understanding on the importance of HCI education. The unique characteristics
 we evaluate the impact of using emotional stories to understand how intervention impacts the total number (and the diversity) of words to express their emotions. Our initial results revealed that children with HFA showed significantly higher performance when using robot intervention than PCs
 working system
 the purpose of the present study was to evaluate the convergent validity of the scores from the caregiver version of the BERS-2 with a large
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and domain experts often have to find their way through lurkers and Web trolls. Such a diversity in topics and quality is a distinctive property of this class of Web sites. This diversity interferes with the ability to locate relevant content and users
 customer reviews etc.) for any particular company and subsequently use that information as one of the inputs for strategic decision making. But one hindrance to this entire process of information analysis about competitors is the volume and diverse nature of data available which is difficult to comprehend for any decision maker. Thus a summarized representation of this entire information is an absolute necessity for success of any such system. Copyright 2015 ACM."
 with graph data becoming ubiquitous
 gratitude and generosity become prominent over those of respect or tolerance. {\textcopyright} 2014
"Ashley
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 J and Montresor
 in systems employing diversity (code
 and strategies like energy efficient relay selection and power allocation strategy
 existing graph based classification techniques cannot work well on such a graph. To address this problem
 and adapt these predictions to the evolving consumers' preferences
 effectively resist common attacks for video watermarking and consequently achieve higher robustness. {\textcopyright} 2013
 we focused on aNobii
 and 2012) of the Chinese Longitudinal Healthy Longevity Survey (n=4190)
 y) = 2−|Fn|{\$}2{\^{}}{\{}-|F{\_}{\{}n{\}}|{\}}{\$} where n is as large as possible such that x↾F{\textless}inf{\textgreater}n{\textless}/inf{\textgreater} = y↾F{\textless}inf{\textgreater}n{\textless}/inf{\textgreater}. Here F{\textless}inf{\textgreater}n{\textless}/inf{\textgreater} = {\{}0
 how is one's behavior influenced by a group of friends who know each other and by the friends from different ego friend circles? In this article
 audio
 we collected data from a sample of 500 Peruvians living in five districts illustrating the socio-economic and geo-political diversity of the country. Participants living further away from the rich district of Lima placed greater importance on extrinsic and less importance on intrinsic goals. Further
 throughput
 explicitly taking into account scheduling robustness. We present a dynamic task rearrangement and rescheduling algorithm that exploits the scheduling flexibility from precedence constraints among tasks. The algorithm optimizes resource allocation among multiple workflows
 namely DEL-CMAC
 strategies for coping with these challenges
 the McKay–Meijer G model offers a very flexible means to study the performance of modems in composite shadowed fading channels. {\textcopyright} 2014
 for example
 exemplify very productive compositional patterns. The frequency and naturalness with which change of state verbs take both physical and abstract entities as objects raises the question of how verbs express their meaning and makes this kind of data especially relevant for a theory of the lexicon as well as of composition. I provide a clear inventory of the typical combinatorial patterns of romper and cortar and I show that their combinatorial behaviour is much more diverse than usually acknowledged. I then argue that these facts need to be addressed by the compositional system
 Email
 reactions across the two mediums are so diverse that it calls for different strategies across different social mediums
 with some exceptions
 connected and balanced social networks; and more and more diverse research topics. Detailed inspection of semantic topics uncovered insights complementary to the analysis of LAK publications in previous research."
 pedagogies and practices in lifewide adult education. The official purposes are seen as adult education contributing to New Zealand's success in a global marketplace. While lifewide adult education provides spaces to achieve such official purposes
 factors other than interests and orientation might guide the choice for a specific news site. {\textcopyright} 2014 Taylor {\&} Francis."
cited By 9
 Facebook
 the aim of this paper is to investigate the ways politeness is constructed in a context
 L and Gonz{\'{a}}lez
 unplanned pregnancy
 and a model of science journalistic depiction behavior with respect to scientific evidence was constructed. {\textcopyright} 2014 Abociation for Education in Journalism {\&} Mab Communication."
 in some instances involving a vigorous defence of Senegal's democratic constitution
 in diverse city schools)
 loose
 and practices of “passivity or withdrawal
 and the plateau of productivity. Research on the educational use of mobile technology is divided in this paper into four stages: (i) a period of mobility and personal digital assistants (PDAs); (ii) the era of wireless internet learning devices; (iii) the introduction of social mobile media; and (iv) a ubiquitous future. In addition
 and an exaggerated theatricality - realized through a hyperbolic manipulation of pace
 and civically challenging a state of knowledge. Such a situation is particularly conducive to clarifying the processes of valuation and evaluation in journal peer review. In this article
 81 {\%} (N = 279) of families were retained and teens and caregivers again reported internalizing and externalizing symptoms. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to test the hypothesized models with a sample of 338
 in the context of changing domestic and global scenarios. {\textcopyright} 2015 Intellect Ltd."
 lexical diversity and geolocation features-that constitute a multidimensional signature for each rumor
 which are the social feature in the application
 and the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology conducted an exploratory student survey on media and information use
 hence
 we propose a novel deep model which learns the unified feature representations for both users and images. This is done by transforming the heterogeneous user-image networks into homogeneous low-dimensional representations
cited By 4
 based on Jean Piaget and B{\""{a}}rbel Inhelder. My students observe nature and evolve trust in working together. They experience historical resonances through constructing their own diagrams and proofs of Euclid's geometry and experimenting with motions in response to Galileo's 1632 Dialogue. Historical figures become virtual members in the classroom
 a significant challenge lies in the question of how to create a coherent media entity out of aggregated content that may be contradictory
 SOR enables individual users to maintain a personal blog
 the broader social network and the material conditions of access
 we show strong equivalence between data structural problems in geometric range searching and text pattern matching. This allows us to apply the lower bounds known in the field of orthogonal range searching to the problems in compressed text indexing. In addition
 and we propose ways to reduce the latter through smart update propagation scheduling
 to change employers
 which does not modify plural nouns under the part-related reading (e.g. *The whole apples are large). Theoretically
 packet recovery
 states have adopted diverse practices with respect to the right to vote and I begin by outlining them; they are so diverse that they do not guide us well in identifying whether residents should
 in many studies on wireless cooperative diversity
 I try to argue that the definition or presentation of a structure configures in itself the frontier for scientific knowledge
 [3]
 Mutende
 with differential extent of hybridization between at least two discourses: the politically driven and the professionally driven discourses. {\textcopyright} 2014
 including open-access to Internet sites
 a phenomenon known as information overload. Recent technology advances allow us to produce data at bewildering rates
 the consumption of counter-attitudinal information barely alters trust in government nor does it produce hostile media effects. We also find a slight difference between newspaper readers and public service broadcaster (PSB) users
 mostly descriptive). However
cited By 2
 in online social media
 YouTube
 but are strongly associated with them. {\textcopyright} 2015 International Communication Association."
cited By 0
 and this is largely evaluated through a time-intensive verification process requiring corroboration and drawing on human expertise. In contrast
 through automated functions
 privacy concerns
 provide a vast source of information
 iPods
 and content from the closed peer grief support community
 the FCASM2T (Framework for classification and adoption of social media monitoring tools) was proposed to classify and guide the process of adoption of such a tool (or set of tools) by an organization. This paper addresses the first stage of the framework
 H and Deng
 while people using social media sites for exploratory search tasks find a smaller quantity and a less diverse set of documents than what they might discover when utilizing traditional Web search engines
 and the 2013 Italian elections. However
 are often available in most social media service websites. Given such information
 disasters
 and make high-quality scientific knowledge more accessible. They highlighted that teaching socially relevant science using digital resources can be cheap
 we then cast the summarization problem as a graph-based ranking problem by identifying the most representative images regarding to an event. The intuition behind our work is that not only can we crowdsource social media users as sensors to capture and share data
 if the agents deviate and vote strategically the network plays a great effect. To measure this effect
cited By 26
 our study of the Omnivore Thesis provides insights that extend previous survey and interview-based studies. {\textcopyright} Copyright 2015
 we present algorithms to identify expert users on a given query topic and categorize these experts to finely understand their diversified expertise. This is imperative for word of mouth marketing where individuals have to be targeted precisely. We evaluate our algorithms and solutions for both problems on a large dataset from Twitter attesting to their efficiency and accuracy compared with alternate approaches. {\textcopyright} 2015
 we identify user effort as an important variable that mediates access to diverse information in social media. Users who invest more effort into their activity on the site not only place themselves in more structurally diverse positions within the network than the less engaged users
 the Pew 2012 Search
 sampling becomes a simple and intuitive approach to reduce the size of the data-sets for collecting
 the covariate shift problem is significantly mitigated
 D and Kleisarchaki
 Belgian journalists relied more on on-the-ground
 sharing of news stories/posts
 LAMIS(Link Analysis on Mining Web Informative Structures). LAMIS uses information entropy to give a higher precision from 133{\%} to 232{\%} and recall gets improved between 0.5 and 1 while retrieving the documents form online social media. {\textcopyright} 2005 - 2015 JATIT {\&} LLS. All rights reserved."
 and that candidates' online campaign intensity varies significantly depending on incumbency and the ballot structure in their countries. {\textcopyright} 2015
 the study also adds empirical data to the current debate about the future of media self-regulation in Europe
cited By 7
 in the light of this
 and addresses questions about the relationship of museums' individual missions to larger civic issues. The word ""Ferguson"" in museum discourse has come to refer not so much to the town and event as to larger concerns about race
 supervisors
 we estimate both the average treatment effect (ATE) and quantile treatment effect (QTE) using the difference-in-differences method. Our empirical results on ATE show that an increase in audience size leads to an increase in prediction accuracy
 and a variation of expectations of returning home. Many of these issues are expressed in the New Zealand television series The GC (2012) – a Jersey-shore type docu-drama covering the lives of several young Māori based on the Gold Coast in Queensland
 but this city continues to face challenges caused by the continuous population growth and the issues facing the transport systems caused by increased traffic volumes. This has implications for road safety. The Victorian government has implemented a transportation accident black spot programme however this information is largely historic in nature and does not capture real time traffic accidents. We have designed a Cloud-based software system that correlates historic accident black spot information with Twitter and uses this to benchmark the accuracy of Twitter for identifying and verifying the location of traffic accident black spots. The ultimate goal is to use Twitter data to identify accidents in real-time with a measurable degree of confidence. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 in the modern day context
 reality is not keeping up. Therefore more investigations of usage conditions and acceptance parameters are needed to find out which showstoppers interfere with a successful implementation. Due to the fact that acceptance by future users is one core condition for a successful implementation of software within operational structures and processes
 and creating information
 we found that word clouds with higher levels of Mean Average Precision (MAP) are more likely to be rated by users as being relevant to the concepts reflected. Critically
 digital natives
 through nonuse
 a second analysis stage provides evidence for which type of company and news environment a particular direction of granger cause arises between the two types of content."
 we address the problem of simultaneously recovering the missing infections and the source nodes of the epidemic given noisy data. We formulate the problem by the Minimum Description Length principle
"Anderson
 and other emergent themes. Conversations will be directed particularly toward the challenges of using a feminist approach in CSCW scholarship
 and broad domain expertise including biology
 diverse selection determines a smaller subset of images to provide a diverse perspective of the concept. We obtain an F1 score of.509 on a test set containing 139 concepts
 but also due to their direct subtextual connections with wider socio-cultural
 not only for individuals but also for companies and governmental organisations alike. Several documented instances exist where targeted phishing attacks
 and contested in discussions of religion in the Afrosphere. This analysis argues that the intersection of race and religion within this digital counterpublic makes particular iterations of the Black diaspora visible. {\textcopyright} 2015 The Author(s)."
 and Inactives. An additional fourth cluster
 introductions to friends of friends
 some local words can indicate different locations at different times. Thus
 there is a lack of awareness and understanding on the importance of HCI education. The unique characteristics
000 users
 a team of EBSCO researchers discovered that for academic research
 in our fast changing society with highly diversified life trajectories and a shortening half-life of knowledge and skills
 and modeling methods
 Stacy Blasiola
 social networks are tightly connected through user interests or groups to facilitate a more efficient relationship. Therefore
 which we have found address the following themes: the performance of on-site actors; perceived authenticity of experiences and emotions; the convenience of visiting museums; attitudes about imprisonment; and views of penal history. Our research suggests that visits to penal history museums in Canada seldom translate into humanizing conceptions of the criminalized and views that challenge punitiveness among visitors
 Craigslist ads). A concern with the use of this recruitment method is that it leads to a set of participants who repeatedly participate in cognitive interview studies
 diversity
cited By 16
 such a mechanism can only be effective if relevant content can be predicted with a high accuracy. Therefore
 both online and offline services are needed. {\textcopyright} 2015
 and examined the relationship between branding strategies and markers of performance (e.g.
 organizations bring appropriate employees to work on a project regardless of their locations
 a medium that emerged early in 2006 - the first tweet was posted on 21 March 2006 by Jack Dorsey
 and propose algorithms for determining the seed nodes in the two phases. We also study the problem of determining an optimal budget-split and delay between the two phases. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2015
 the other is personal hotspot. Motivated by this observation
cited By 3
 pick-up and drop-off points
 also contribute to the containment
 complex
cited By 16
 we propose a new approach to sentiment analysis using a Na{\""{i}}ve Bayes classifier
 especially couples whose relationships are stigmatized or marginalized in some way. Better understandings of the size
 living in five major cities/towns across the Klang Valley
 and democracy that demarcate the limits of analysis on media pluralism. Based on a discussion of three different schools of democracy with their corresponding media roles (the liberal
 e.g.
 few scholars explore how these campaigns portray men and shape masculinities. Using as example a highly publicised online anti-trafficking campaign
 Evolutionary Neural Networks
 collecting
 the l-diversity method is applied so as to guarantee the least side and reduce the anonymous cost. Through the data set experiment
 such as internet caf{\'{e}}s and mobile phone shops; virtual realms where new media technologies potentially facilitate entrepreneurship
 and experts. Despite the diversity of sources
 a commitment to engage in political discourse has continued to characterise Italy's political culture. This commitment has been expressed by a multiplicity of actors
 the media legislation was changed but not in line with a democratic value system. This specially refers to media freedoms. Repression against the media characteristic of the 1990s was replaced by ""soft censorship"" and self-censorship. Serbia's media market is small and underdeveloped
 and self-esteem moderated this mediation. In addition
 as information sharing and information encountering lead to serendipitous discovery of useful IT experts. Twitter is an information ground (Fisher
 ability and autonomy of use. In contrast
 ratings
 we develop an analytical model to analyze the epidemic information dissemination in MSNs. We first adopt preimmunity and immunity to represent the features of mobile nodes when they change their interests. Then
 this paper then critically reviews the existing legal/policy discourse and identifies elements for an alternative approach. Findings – This paper finds that when looking at search engines
 a niche media industry designed
 we apply our method in a citation network from the journal Scientometrics and then provide several insights on promising research topics through the detected communities by our method. {\textcopyright} Akad{\'{e}}miai Kiad{\'{o}}
 archiving
 this article explores audience engagement with 7de Laan's utopian construction of South African citizenship through a social networking site
 the initial collective behavior and diversity of payoff parameter. In this paper
 while media may be said to have contributed to democracy in southern Africa
 and ability to seek diverse content in a transforming media environment. We argue that our understanding of and regulatory approaches to media pluralism must be adapted to technological advances. Based on social cognitive theory
000 demonstrators began peacefully but ended chaotically as demonstrators
 N"
 ECSNR has built-in redundant plan for overloaded nodes. The plan uses candidate list
 we weight the network by measuring similarity of users' topics
 while technology industries are highly but decreasingly concentrated. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2015"
 skills and a certain designerly confidence. While being unexperienced students on undergraduate level
 or contagious disease detection. Hub nodes
 one supportive measure could be a revision of the Audiovisual Media Service Directive. {\textcopyright} 2015 by the author; licensee Cogitatio (Lisbon
 gender disadvantages are reduced for women who build social capital in open networks with higher degrees of diversity and information flow. Using large-scale longitudinal data on career profiles of about one million performances by 97
 yet move positively forward in capturing the nuances of complex diversities and diverse complexities. Evidence would suggest ""yes""
 and China-providing a wide range for comparison. A further distinction can be made
000 tweets. The result shows that 5-nn algorithm outperformed the other procedures in terms of misclassification error to identify the informed groups. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 and analyzes a series of relevant policy measures. It is suggested that such measures should have a much more significant role in liberal democratic media policy to counter increasing trends for new forms of media activity to become more fragmented and yet more narrow. {\textcopyright} 2015 (Thomas Gibbons)."
 A M and Llorens
 N and Burri
cited By 0
 W"
 despite formidable obstacles
 we argue that friendship groups and other peer networks play a significant role in determining who does and does not take up leadership positions. Moreover
 from a dynamic and contextualized process
 and soon. Since some tweets indicate two or more aspects
 as the rural customer has his own preferences and prejudices. In the backdrop of these facts
 PPDP models based on ℓ-diversity and its variants may lead to individual sensitive information disclosure. Motivated by providing a solution to overcome these drawbacks
 augmented with external factors
 guanxi continues to be an important factor in the labor market and academic success of Chinese individuals
 it is extracted that weibo content features of seed clustering and the whole data set other users. Then the entire user group is clustered based on content similarity. Finally the clustering results are used in subject recommendation. Through clustering the two phases of dense data subset and the whole data set
 as well as the role of preferences and shared interests. My work contributes to the recent resurgence of interest in place by exploring the salience of proximate
 both in inter-group and intra-group contexts
 we aggregate suggestions from different recommenders to derive personalized recommendations. Experiments on Foursquare and Gowalla show that our proposed method outperforms the state-of the-art methods on location recommendation."
 and multiple kernel learning (MKL) is one of the principled approaches for kernel design problem. In this paper
 archaeologists have critiqued media archaeology for its lack of methodological rigour and specificity. What the contributors to this Forum demonstrate
 netizens and resident foreigners. A prevailing discourse of victimhood is associated with small
cited By 1
 pay-as-you-go services that map to hybrid production models and variable workloads
 Canada. Our cross-comparative study yields three main findings: 1) members of participating communities proactively and strategically use a variety of sources to access information about local services; 2) noteworthy differences exist in the access to and use of different types of media both across and within the four EICs
 together they predicted community participation through multiple media use and the media gratifications obtained
cited By 3
 is not equal. Thus
 and interpretation through which actors
 such as the venue type or popularity. In this paper
cited By 0
 diversity is usually postponed by managerial strategies that choose between many possible equilibriums of supply and demand. Critical scholars have so far been regularly demonstrating that investments in technology most often bring about increases in distribution capacities instead of fulfilling the promise to increase diversity of content and media
 OD brings high business and societal potential. The amount and diversity of available information is high. However
 this research constructs network models from the compositional analysis of ceramic artifacts recovered in the Kuril Islands of northeast Asia and evaluates network centrality measures using bootstrap simulation and sensitivity analysis. Results of this research suggest that while archaeologists may never fully identify the “true” network of past relationships
 and how these in turn are represented as network data. For this reason
 learning and anxieties they face in everyday life. These data are analysed drawing on frameworks developed to understand child work and children's agency in the fields of critical sociology and social anthropology. Findings suggest the need for a revised analysis of media use and cultural meaning in middle and low income contexts as strongly inflected by children's social class
"Taniguchi
 this article proposes that we focus on the fetishistic character of the media policy process
 and encouraging youth “voice.” Although youth media organizations struggling with sustainability often conflate these practices
 the democratic contestability of public policies presupposes effective mass media regulation that goes beyond the promotion of media pluralism. Democratic contestation requires more than a ‘marketplace of ideas'. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 diverse networks and having many connections was positively correlated to adolescents' online social capital. Findings indicate that online activities and skills influence the ways adolescents connect to others and perceive of their social connectedness. {\textcopyright} 2014
 this concluding article suggests directions for future research and offers implications for policies that can foster prosocial outcomes. {\textcopyright} 2015 The Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues."
 having customers as nodes and their interactions as links. Centrality metrics were calculated for the nodes along with behavioral attributes for the links
 community college faculty
 we point out some drawbacks in this algorithm and propose an improved algorithm
 is not by any means problematic. In fact
 while minimizing compression losses. Additional advantages include the ability to use
 the compact particle swarm optimization (cPSO) which suits for embedded system can do this well. In addition
"Fujinuma
 the article's first section explores the listening approach
 policy plans and actual practices of de-centralised PSM are being analysed. Findings in the four case studies (the United Kingdom
cited By 0
 we find most quotes are “frameless
 enlightening
 we extend Social MF to exploit the graph structure of neighbors. Second
 as well as motivation and usage habits. In this one-day workshop
 can make organizational communication networks appear to be less coherent and integrated as well as bigger than they truly are. For copublishing networks
 social reactions to disclosure
 The Author(s) 2015."
 as well as the ways in which linguistically or religiously differentiated social networks entail differential access to the resources that flow through such networks. I argue that political and economic forces generate deeper and more consequential forms of inequality between languages than between religions in contemporary liberal societies
 a framework that greatly speeds up training by using tractable entropy surrogates and avoiding repeated inferences. Paired-dual learning optimizes an objective with a pair of dual inference problems. This allows fast
 such as there are just two ratings. In this paper
"Apostolidis
 while still maintaining the coherence of the experience and the cost of service delivery. We share a practical experience in running such a system over a large
 as well as activities of scientific production. Similarities and differences in these dimensions serve to explain the general evolution of the field. {\textcopyright} 2015 Walter de Gruyter GmbH
 but the results regarding need to evaluate pointed to cognitive biases other than selective exposure. {\textcopyright} Taylor {\&} Francis."
 create counterhegemonic spaces
 R"
cited By 3
 patterns
 I ask what sort of blind spots this historically specific intellectual constellation produced
cited By 2
 low efficiency
 we argue that not only important public figures
cited By 0
 i.e.
 anonymity
 is only brought to life once the outcomes of a particular hack are communicated in comprehensible manners to diverse publics and audiences. Overall the article points to the emergence of new modes and practices of expertise by conceptualizing the Clubs active demonstration of expertise through hacking and its articulation of expertise through media-related practices and interactions with institutional politics as interlocking arrangements. Today
 the younger participants demonstrating shared media uses and preferences (e.g. focusing more on entertainment and less on the country of origin). Although ethnic roots are important
 after analyzing the particularity of bus system in Dalian
 we find the Chinese television market exhibits the Core-Peripheral model where a few channels dominate the marketplace and the rest are viewed by niche segments of the audience. In contrast
 evidence was found that links between extremists and non-extremists occurred within fluid and dynamic structures that form part of broader social networks. This key point questions the validity of simplistic labels such as “terrorist cell” or “criminal organization” when used with reference to entities that involve both extremists and non-extremists. This finding has policy implications
 moral
cited By 6
cited By 1
 the economics titles were analyzed from the perspectives of social network
cited By 0
 which fully uses the semantic lexicon and extends the traditional rules of phrase pattern. Furthermore
 and only one group totally adopted the asynchronous discussion model. The study further analyzed the learners' learning effectiveness and behavioral patterns
 have been integrated in the assessment model. Findings - The findings of this research suggest that the degree of satisfying the needs of diverse stakeholders is highly significant in achieving social sustainability performance of projects. Using a case study from Saudi Arabia
 and construction of ontology from semi-structural corpora; among these studies
 whether the BPM field
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 1
 and the extinction of indigenous peoples. I chart the emergence of this movement
 and Chinese newspapers were less likely to speculate about causation before the final official conclusion was reached. US and Korean media maintained a negative tone toward each other
 and fail to derive keys with good entropy
 this research conducted a checklist exercise to examine the holdings of school libraries in two very different states
 the article suggests that the globalisation and digitisation of communication has contributed to a multi-layered and more complex global media scene
 tradeoffs
 particularly exposure diversity. The paper clarifies what a PSN project may look like given the practical reality of searching for and consuming content in the digital space. {\textcopyright} 2015 (Mira Burri)."
 and from health service providers are too complex and voluminous to be processed and analyzed by traditional methods. Data mining approaches offer the methodology and technology to transform these heterogeneous data into meaningful information for decision making. This paper studies data mining applications in healthcare. Mainly
 the scheme is highly suitable for video distribution to users who have subscribed to differing video qualities on end systems ranging from small handheld devices to those capable of high spatial resolutions and frame rates. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media New York 2014."
 management
 this paper pays attention on cooperative media access control (MAC) mechanism
 we evaluate whether we can use annotations showing that a story was shared by people who are in some way similar to encourage people to read articles that may challenge their viewpoints. Most annotations (shared city
cited By 0
 Chinese cinema will present more varieties of film despite the government's rigid censorship control. It is this pluralism that would boost creativity and help expand China's cultural influence through cinema around the world. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 and concerns about the impact of immigration on multicultural harmony. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 issue-specific knowledge
 {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 administrators
 generosity
 subjective vitality
"Schnabel
 a case study is probed in South Los Angeles using mobile media for community mapping. Using qualitative methods
 administrators
 years
 this paper proposes a classification method of Vietnamese news events based on the maximum entropy model. This method selects the named entities and news keywords in Vietnamese news titles and the event trigger words in the key sentences corresponding to the keywords as the news classification features
cited By 4
 the political leanings of the target audience
 2005). Recently
 in doing so
 we design a dynamic learning algorithm
 influencing team creativity. In this respect
 showing our research projects: PriSurv
 whose teaching and learning uses are currently being researched by the teaching innovation group FILWIT (Filolog{\'{i}}as
 South India
 as well as the convergent and predictive validity
 on the one hand
 we propose a metadata dependent Mondrian process (MDMP) to incorporate meta information into the stochastic partition process in the product space and the entity allocation process on the resulting block structure. MDMP can not only encourage homogeneous relational interactions within blocks but also discourage meta-label diversity within blocks. Regularized by meta information
 the algorithm is scalable. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2015 for this paper by its authors."
 information acquisition within two associational types
 {\textcopyright} 2015 SAGE Publications and Young Editorial Group."
 this seems to have not yet occurred at this particular institution. The university has done well with most of the big structures that enrich and support interdisciplinarity. However
 poor quality of early education
 the present article discusses how local efforts to commemorate Jews and preserve Jewish heritage tap into the culture of political dissent
 economy
cited By 19
 and more. The approach is more than just a collection of ""nifty assignments""; rather
 for the learning of official languages) for others. Furthermore
 an efficient genetic approach for producing feasible graph partitions. Our method takes into account the heterogeneity and capacity constraints of the partitions to ensure balanced partitioning. Such approach has various applications in mobile cloud computing that include feasible deployment of software applications on the more resourceful infrastructure in the cloud instead of mobile hand set. Our proposed approach is light weight and hence suitable for use in cloud architecture. We ensure feasibility of the partitions generated by not allowing over-sized partitions to be generated during the initialization and search. Our proposed method tested on standard benchmark datasets significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of quality of partitions and feasibility of the solutions. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 worn at the waist and a personal mobile device. The detection method consists of two main processing blocks; the first is thresholdbased trigger and is executed on the wearable sensor while the second includes posture classification and operates on the mobile device. Conversely to previous literature
 when studying differences across national origin groups
 dynamic structure
 (ii) the privacy framework model and (iii) personalized anonymization approach. The experimental analysis is presented at the end; it shows this approach performs better over the distinct l-diversity measure
 a novel algorithmic framework that combines spatio-temporal topic models with source-based anomaly detection techniques to effectively forecast the emergence and progression of infectious rare diseases. SourceSeer is capable of discovering the location focus of each source allowing sources to be used as experts with varying degrees of authoritativeness. To fuse the individual source predictions into a final outbreak prediction we employ a multiplicative weights algorithm taking into account the accuracy of each source. We evaluate the performance of SourceSeer using incidence data for hantavirus syndromes in multiple countries of Latin America provided by HealthMap over a timespan of fifteen months. We demonstrate that SourceSeer makes predictions of increased accuracy compared to several baselines and is capable of forecasting disease outbreaks in a timely manner even when no outbreaks were previously reported. Copyright {\textcopyright} SIAM."
"Reed
 biographies
"Rasul
 but recall colonialist views from the late 19th and early 20th centuries in Europe. A colonialist vision is being emulated through concrete visuals
 upon completing this project
cited By 0
 we explore the possibility of using one of the computational intelligence techniques
 and mix-Gaussian filter is applied to remove the sharp transition. The experimental results show the effectiveness of proposed method comparing with other state-of-the-art methods. {\textcopyright} 2015 by ITE Transactions on Media Technology and Applications (MTA)."
 the entropy and decay immanent to it
 we use query logs to learn synonyms for the patent domain. For automatic query expansion
 and (3) voter gender on the presidential debate agenda. In examining the issue focus of debate questions
 struggled systematically against feudal survivals and a backward clergy of that time. However
 they mostly rely on ethnic identities. As a result
 is analyzed in terms of their represented images of the “other” and contrasted with perceptions of Finns triggered by real-life cultural encounters such as experiences through mobilities. The study underlines that interactions between the different sources of perception
 to do this
"Jackson
 and (3) Synthesizing the designing framework of the digital learning environments which promote information literacy in primary school. The results revealed that this model consisted of nine elements as follows: (1) Problem base and learning task
 but where the continued flagging of these ideas may be implicated in the kind of ideological camouflage Brown identifies. {\textcopyright} 2015
 especially for ""core-gamer"" genres such as roleplaying or action and shooter games. Beyond the ""core-gamer""
"Gao
 cautioning against potential ethical and moral pitfalls as well as dealing with such situations where they arise in a timely fashion. Secondly
 M U and Gandhi
 and their recruiting strategies
 but by the exchange of statements between the representatives of diverse groups in society. Representation is crucial for journalism to fulfil its core function of providing a concentrated but comprehensive overview of the ongoing social discourse. The article concludes by discussing research needs and future challenges of journalism. {\textcopyright} 2015 EURICOM."
 and the findings are revealed on the basis of 468 social software users. Findings – The significant effect of individual–social–technology fit on OSN value development is presented through the satisfaction of both participation and sharing information
 and also by administrative elites. This is reassuring
 and end users. This data potentially undergoes several transformations such as aggregation and/or composition before finally being consumed. In this context of sharing data between diverse consumers
 among others. Despite significant research interest in recent years
 and their social capital. The survey is the first population-based survey on Vietnamese young people and involved 7584 adolescents and young adults. This study employs k-means clustering technique with cross-validation procedure to build an indicator of social capital. Analyses involve weighted generalized ordinal regression
 the benefits derived by authors from their position in co-authorship networks are larger in the two experimental fields than in the theoretical one. {\textcopyright} 2014 Elsevier Ltd."
 trusting all the results may deteriorate the overall ensemble accuracy
 it devises and integrates two simple yet effective greedy heuristics
 and rhetorical analysis
 respectively. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 this research is focused on designing a robust and scalable framework for authenticating a legitimate user efficiently through a subset of available authentication modalities along with their several features (authentication factors) in time-varying operating environments (devices
 and PROTECT IP Act (PIPA). This study applies a mixed-methods approach that combines text and link analysis with human coding and informal interviews to map the evolution of the controversy over time and to analyze the mobilization
 especially language education. On the other hand
"Ceriani
cited By 2
 Universidade Estadual de Campinas UNICAMP. All right resevered."
"Sturm
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
"Ionescu
cited By 6
"Sch{\""{a}}fer
 slave labor
 blog affiliation and gender."
"Sonnett
 the links between citizens' political
 and problematising normative principles of journalism. The article concludes with a discussion of the practical challenges and methodological strategies researchers may need to address when using ANT to trace news networks: the practices performed by a remarkable diversity of actors for the production
 intertextual
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 a transnational collective memory can emerge and even result in the emergence of a transnational collective identity. Building on the conceptualization of the transnationalisation of national public spheres
 egalitarian and neoliberal models – and their connection with specific conceptions of democracy. Then
 with a focus on the contemporary era. Research on Hollywood cultural production points to a problematic trend of disadvantages in opportunities and outcomes facing women and racial/ethnic minorities
 i.e.
 I suggest that the visibility of feminine lesbianism in this context was resignified through those media images
 which has meant the promotion of ‘pop-culture diplomacy' and
 in the lived experience of those who
 and at times a crime. One notable consequence of this hegemonic thinking is an alarming invisibility of plurality in the traditional Ethiopian media landscape. Drawing from hegemonic notions of development statism
 these professional artists
 and others. This article identifies and discusses the first see-through graphical interface
 showing an enhanced sociolinguistic awareness. On the other hand
 the complaints are numerous and represent diversified public sectors
 we designed an innovative ‘Teaching Exchange' (TE) workshop
 habitus
 White heterosexual women. Evidence suggests that women who identified as lesbian as bisexual (LB) may be protected from sociocultural pressures around thinness
"Kaneva
 to enrich urban cultural experiences with user-created information layers that accumulate over time. The design implications can be used to support serendipitous music experiences through the interplay between places and media in future content discovery services. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 and White children. Results from Healthy Passages™
 to illustrate the usefulness and limitations of these definitions. I detail the ways I have worked to address restrictive definitions of the rural and to encourage more plural
690). We look at majority youth
 notions
 we return to the epistemological quandaries raised by Oppenheimer's film
 topic drift and an ocean of noise are common seen in microblog stream. In order to address the problems of topic tracking
 the existing techniques for citation recommendation aim at suggesting prestigious and well-cited articles. However
 while the ArgMin locates the minimum random variable. We show that the ArgMax probability distribution is a better candidate than the frequently used odds-on-mean probability distribution through theoretical analysis and simulation. The ArgMin probability distribution has a variety of applications and is shown to be useful in achieving a lower bound on the network's minimum spectral capacity. In simulation
 ethnic
 while the majority merely reflect the sentiment or opinion of people. Real-time extraction of tweets that contribute to situational awareness is especially important for relief operations when time is critical. However
 we analyze the operation performed by droplet systems by monitoring the information flow. This is achieved by measuring mutual information and time delayed mutual information of the discretized time evolution of individual droplets. To link the model with reality
 there is a general lack of critical reflection on the relation between technological developments
 computer-based classification of texture documented with raking light is feasible by demonstrating an encouraging degree of success sorting two sets of 120 close-up images made from diverse samples of inkjet paper and canvas available in the market from 2000 through 2011 as well as historic samples of black and white paper made at different times during the 20th century The samples used for this study were drawn from two prominent reference collections of photographic media: the Wilhelm Analog and Digital Color Print Materials Reference Collection and Paul Messier's reference collection of historic black and white (silver gelatin) papers. Using these two datasets
 finding a way through these archaeologies and establishing a position on the one hand and a work-life balance on the other. {\textcopyright} 2015 Equinox Publishing Ltd."
cited By 11
 events
cited By 2
 results indicated that student gender and ethnicity did not affect MCSE or self-reported MCC. However
 when women construct sex-related conversations in a feminine way
cited By 8
 transnational corporations and scientific experts
 {\textcopyright} 2014 Taylor {\&} Francis."
cited By 1
 our respondents also considered factors such as personality
 who develop a version of Islam that most of the time is out of tune with that of the imams in prison. {\textcopyright} 2014
 the website is based on collaboration with a local museum. I argue that transmedia ethnography both provokes new research questions and supports a growing interest in public anthropology by offering diverse spaces for engagement with subjects and audiences. {\textcopyright} 2015 by the American Anthropological Association."
 theories
 the main difference between the relativelymore radical or moderate strategies of the PNV is not a higher or lower ideological profile of the claim for Basque sovereignty but a different strategic decision concerning the problem of how to bring together the struggle for sovereignty and the reality of Basque pluralism. {\textcopyright} Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 boosts job satisfaction. This study suggests using workers' control over both tasks and time to construct a typology of work control. Empirical results indicate that a mediating model best captures the causal process of work satisfaction. The two samples studied here show more similarity than diversity. {\textcopyright} 2014
 it is proposed that the linguistic/discursive study of citizenship should be expanded beyond a rather narrow emphasis on political proposals about language testing to include the diverse
cited By 1
 which is central to his understanding of culture as a whole
 diverse
 and in-person cultural participation. Results show that the access to mobile Internet devices and diverse app use
 we present the results of a survey of citizen science project leaders
 reinforcing the dominance of Western norms and practices in higher education. The author argues that the Chronicle's placing of China in a dichotomous position to the West is symptomatic of a larger process of neoliberal globalization
 situational
 NPR has further embraced a programming model reflecting a more commercial tone in its news content. The data from the content analysis reveal mixed and tempered results
 show the result of creative thinking of the researcher. Replacement of the detailed descriptions by these economical formations attracts the reader's attention
cited By 7
 and pluralism versus dominance (the nature of knowledge and truth). Continuities are found between the Communist Soviet Union and post-Communist Russia in their instrumental use of media and information (collectivism)
 popular media
 the journalist and the interviewee
 non-sympathizers could mobilize their representation for their own ends. These empirical findings have profound theoretical implications. They show that “discursive claims of democratization” at the state level do not necessarily result in democratic mechanisms
 and there is overt recognition and support for the national standard variety
 N S and Saon
 and Arabic automatic speech recognition evaluation systems developed by the RWTH Aachen University are presented. Our LVCSR systems focus on various domains like broadcast news
 must satisfy the compelling real-time traffic streaming QoS requirement (i.e.
 the number of males interviewed is greater than the number of females and women's perspectives are not commonly considered in research on significant life experiences. This study aims to include the perspectives of women in this research by answering the question: What significant life experiences and formative influences have led to women becoming active in the environmental field? In-depth interviews of seven female environmental activists were performed to determine the significant life experiences that influenced these women to become active in the environmental field. Several categories of significant life experiences were found in the data: outdoor experience
 than what we would be inclined to believe. With respect to the effects of digital media on the film industry this article aims to provide an insight into film circulation in the digital environment
 including Higher Education in Further Education (HE in FE). The varied constituency of the network could be described as innovative in that it facilitates a range of formal and informal exchanges
 mainly because online video platforms do not broadly share the interactions of the users with their systems. For this purpose
 to ""look beyond"" simple appearances and to make logical connections between elements grouped together. In recent years
 you cannot get informed about the situation that you are experiencing or what is happening to other people. One may not sit and watch TV throughout the day necessarily but the general behavior is that television is always on like a window that is opening up to the world outside as a one-way communication tool even when a person is doing house work. Sometimes this communication may turn into a conversation between two deaf people. A house woman may give an answer to the person talking on TV or to a conversation on TV; she may get emotional by an image on television and talk to herself about that. Majority of women in our society tend to ‘talk to herself'. The communication that house wifes establish with television should be researched in a multidirectional way
 the existing MAC solutions based on slotted transmissions
 too
 data and consistency models
 and formatting
 the goal is to determine the winner with probability at least 1 - $\delta$. The margin of victory of an election is the smallest number of votes that need to be modified in order to change the election winner. We show interesting lower and upper bounds on the number of samples needed to solve the ($\epsilon$
 for example visiting and working in academic SET environment
 2005). Thus
 ISDB-T
 we propose a stable opportunistic routing mechanism of network layer for multi-hop ad hoc networks referred to as SOR which takes advantage of broadcast nature of wireless media. In SOR
 dual-sensing directional MAC (DSDMAC) protocol
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 gay
 a large dataset of 8156 high-resolution raw images
 advanced the development of indigenous languages to an extent that exceeds implementation of language policies which have been introduced since the advent of a democratic South Africa in 1994. The author's rationale for adopting an introspective study is based on the dearth of I-narrator and narrator-protagonist ecriture on language learning experiences of that past era
cited By 2
 you develop a network of personal connections which serve as metaphorical flying buttresses creating enough stability that you are able to learn in a new
 the PCA method appears promising
 or ‘feminist'
 more affordable LGBT nodes. While socioeconomic
 and how they experience it in their daily lives. In the end
 resulting in the sparse pattern of coefficients. This attractive property of sparsity can be interpreted as a criterion for selecting graphs
 I demonstrate that archaeological diaries' power derives from their position in the local network of objects and inscription devices at archaeological sites and from how authority is formulated within the contemporary disciplinary framework of archaeology. {\textcopyright} Trustees of Boston University 2015."
 the level of visibility of their different bodies as well as the nonconventional uses of urban space challenge a ‘spatial order' which is essentially taken for granted as the ‘right way'. The paper highlights how local policies and the local mass media create an atmosphere of continuous ‘moral panic' through the circulation of a stereotypical image of migrants. The paper concludes by calling for a radical shift in the policymaking process that has to be strongly informed by the physical
 some students self-reported a higher than anticipated confidence of strategic learning strategies based on their academic achievement; (c) for European American students
 it looks into the audience discourses that precede and follow the actual cinemagoing act (Gillespie
 scalability and high adaptability of the proposal. {\textcopyright} 2015
 through a telephone survey. Results indicate that people with a high preference for aloneness were more active tablet users of utility-
 including (but not limited to) (1) recognition of learning in multiple and diverse environments that go beyond traditional classrooms; (2) recognition of diverse kinds of skills and knowledge
 psychology and cognition of the user and the player."
 graduate's improved emotional balance); (2) perceived impact (perception of communications
 this study confirms Harbert's (The Germanic languages
 ethnicity
 which are interpreted against the backdrop of relevant policy changes. The theoretical framework underlines the relevance of socioethnic leveraging
 so-called EC
 their society
 the amount of fading and the average capacity. The analysis considers independent and identically distributed (formula presented) fading channels and mixed integer/integer plus one half value combinations for the 2 parameters of the corresponding fading distribution. Moreover
 while the religious meaning in a multivocal appeal eludes them. Obvious religious appeals are costly in the diverse audience because of different preferences over the appropriate role for religion in political speech. {\textcopyright} 2014
 this would shake the very foundations of Western constitutionalism by challenging consolidated assumptions of what are considered to be the traditional aims and responsibilities of a state
 civil society organizations and the mass media has been presented. A detailed description has been given to the most important conditions of the formation and tolerance manifestation in a multi-ethnic region: state policy and inter-cultural approach to education. The research has indicated that the present state of civil society in the Republic is characterized by the real inter-cultural tolerance being formed under the conditions of multinational diversity of the region due to the sensible politics of the regional government in social sphere
 and body objectification in an ethnically diverse sample of 1
 and analyze the large-scale data management systems in depth and develop comprehensive taxonomies for various critical aspects covering the data model
 we exploit three types of handover information with a new pre-selection scheme to eliminate unqualified networks and generate a network ranking. Moreover
 and SC Campaign staff. An inductive analysis identified several key themes that promoted curriculum adoption: developing networks among TPP advocates
 (2)
 every test function is tested with four different dimensional criteria
 particularly in the design and implementation of learning for computer science programs. {\textcopyright} ACPIL."
 Romania
 we analyze these transformations in Moscow through a case study of the reconstruction of Gorky Park. The case study builds upon extensive empirical material collected through qualitative interviews
 were mostly based on a much narrower rights-based approach that remained abstract and highly difficult to convert into a narrative. {\textcopyright} 2014
 we propose that researchers working in the area of cultural diversity should start making explicit attempts to highlight similarities between groups
 Berlin Boston 2015."
 prison museums have great potential to increase public understanding of the prison; this paper promotes a more ethical
 simultaneously
 it would allow us to use philosophy in research
 security
 and confidence in the subject area. The instructor best served the older adult learner as a facilitator or resource for learning. It was important to build on what students wanted to learn and to introduce artists and styles that broadened their perspectives and inspired art-making. Not all students responded to planned curriculum
 each database image is ranked according to these local distance functions in order to place the image in the right part of the graph. In addition
 and pursue an environmentally sustainable path of economic development based on advanced high-value and clean manufacturing technologies and renewable sources of clean energy. The PRC's goal of developing a new ecological civilization will provide opportunities for the Latin American and Caribbean economies to export a more diversified basket of goods to China and attract Chinese investments and loans into new areas such as renewable energy."
 our supports involved modeling practice
 this paper proposes an improved firefly algorithm (FA) to solve economic dispatch (ED) problem. The improved FA employs two strategies to enhance the search ability and avoid the premature usually suffered from in standard FA. The first one is based on the distance information among the fireflies
 the article shows that fans' reactions to the filmic adaptations are as diverse as is the range of retellings of the Batman story. Focusing on the different interpretations of the villain Bane in the recent film franchise
"Amanatidis
 uncritically engaging with the mass-culture produced and propagated in the festival setting. Researchers have begun to refute such claims
 and that the broader issues of ‘gender blindness' and the ‘paradox of the absent body' have also been evident in the sociology of sport research agenda. The challenges for this agenda can be seen in three key areas of enquiry: (1) the social dimensions and determinants of successful aging
 its organization and practices. The case studies reveal characteristic techniques such as managing mediated spaces for meetings and discussion; shaping the salience of target groups
 by utilizing Swahili as a common language in English-language writing
 who is an advocate for releasing fish. I combine this with oral history testimony from a sample of recreational fishers from the broader Australian community to show how change happened. The practice of catch-and-release fishing emerged through the combination of sociotechnical and historically specific elements present in popular culture
cited By 1
 rice processors who often listened to agricultural broadcasts had better social
 and inclusion are more widely recognized than ever before
 and thereby enabled
 the article stresses the need for a new constitutional framework that can embrace both state- and societal-level checks and balances. {\textcopyright} 2015 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 life expectancy by birth
 a converged management architecture for HetNets (CMA) based on resource virtualization is proposed. Considering the diversity of physical resources among different networks
 we identified the nature and frequency of positive and negative responses
 as were perceptions of community harmony and safety. Further research territory-wide across Hong Kong using a longitudinal approach is suggested to provide a deeper understanding of the impact of diversity on levels of trust
 this study confirms Harbert's (The Germanic languages
cited By 6
 a mixture of values and references coming from local cultural heritages and national history
 sexualized
 community organisations
 second
 we identify systemic
 based on both existing literature and qualitative data gathered in interviews. The final structure of the BTDS includes five subdimensions of benefits
 AMCA is designed to provide optimal channel assignment duration for each flow to efficiently utilize multiple non-overlapping channels. The performance evaluation of AMCA is conducted by the QualNet 5.0 simulator under various network scenarios to consider diverse network conditions. Simulation results show that AMCA can achieve higher network throughput and lower average packet delay than other well known wireless solutions. {\textcopyright} 2013
 suggesting that they are more than random ignorance. Source misperceptions are strongly associated with perceptions of cultural threat from immigrants
"Lieske
 customs
 through free and civilized interaction and communication
 and evenness—are employed to analyze state- and metropolitan-level data between 1989 and 2010 in four states with different school district structures. Findings in this exploratory study indicate that states and metropolitan areas with more fragmented district structures are associated with higher levels of segregation. In comparison with the less fragmented states of North Carolina and Virginia
 specifically
 entertainment and killing-time activities
 we adopt a set of novel metrics to monitor and measure the quality of flow control in order to weaken the negative impact of coarse-grained flow to user-end devices to the minimum level. Extensive simulations and evaluations have illustrated the superiority of the proposed model in the performance and the quality of service in terms of proposed measurement metrics. Copyright {\textcopyright}2015 Society for Modeling {\&} Simulation International (SCS)."
 necessitating the external transition from male to female body. This model
 we present identifier generation methods for indexing which are efficient and effective in the perspective of cost and indexing performance as well. The proposed methods exploit the distribution of line segments and luminance areas in an image in order to compose identifiers with high cardinality. From the experimental evaluation
 spatial
cited By 2
 Canada? The data used come from a survey carried out in 2011 among a representative sample of knowledge brokers using Web 2.0 technologies in Canada. The theory of knowledge absorptive capacity is used as the analytical reference to describe the black box of the knowledge brokering process. Results: The authors of this article provide a detailed profile of knowledge-brokering activities (stages
 strength of the generated signals
 thereby greatly expanding the content and user bases. The resources available for these non-professional broadcasters however are limited and unstable
 legal documents
 for the second and third generation. My findings demonstrate that both second- and third-generation participants received encouraging parental messages to pursue higher education
 food
 the paper reports the research findings
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 therefore
 we consider that cooling cost increases in a nonlinear way with respect to the data center utilization; second
 cognitive reinforcement and religious beliefs to the misreporting and miscommunication of climate science by the media
 which culminated in students' applying rhetorical criticism in an analysis of a worthy text of their choice. Students' proficient applications of diverse rhetorical categories in their final assessment tasks are exemplified and discussed. Even though the majority used simple neo-Aristotelian categories
 and observers. Screening suggests moderate mood
 methods were refined to capture and embed diverse local customs in the enfolding legal and political values of a dominant order. These periods highlight a local community's identity and culture and offer a view of the enfolding ideological parameters and assimilating processes used to represent local values. I consider two examples of this legal and archival rendition of local culture: the codification of unwritten
 united by Arabic language
 we investigate Eclipse interface usage by Eclipse third-party plug-ins (ETPs) based on whether they use bad interfaces or not. The investigations
 or a form of violence against women that cuts across all cultures. In Germany
 with specific public policy areas relating to security and human rights
 and premature convergence. This paper presents a novel adaptive DE algorithm by constructing a trial vector generation pool
 several experiments have been conducted on a database of 24 healthy subjects. The experimental results show that the average false-negative rate values are 0.8 ± 1.1 and 1.5 ± 1.4 {\%}
 M and Rosi{\'{n}}ski
"Read
 impact and efficiency assessments. We use an in-depth case study of public assistance to an SME to illustrate how findings from these phases go beyond the results of the additionality practice in SME policy. We employ the findings as starting points to discuss several methodological designs for the evaluation of entire programmes
 Radio Zet
 targeted towards scenarios where the heterogeneity of devices and networking technologies is present. Our contribution is many fold. It consists of a framework
 office productivity and language translation. These affordances are further made possible by the large-scale development of mobile applications (or apps). For the vast majority of mobile device users - now numbering in the billions – many of these learning experiences are informal and just-in-time
 many of whom were excluded as young people
 the frequency of DA usage was not correlated with any of the three dimensions of professional self-efficacy. Practical implications – High digital literacy allows rapid and effective retrieval of specific networked content and an accessible means of multimedia communication. According to the ecological model of organizational knowledge management
 social awareness
 they and their successors did little thereafter to suggest continued support for the apartheid system of African administration. Examining the actions of these apartheid-era traditional leaders requires avoiding depictions of chiefs as resisting or not resisting
 we proposed an eye tracking based solution using the newly revealed concept of uncrowded window from vision research. The theory of uncrowded window suggests that human vision can only effectively recognize objects inside a small window. Object features outside the window may still be detectable but the feature detection results cannot be efficiently combined properly and therefore those objects will not be recognizable. We use eye-tracker to locate fixation points of the authorized reader in real time
 the second one introduces a certain threshold value of angle between UAVs to enable a spatial reuse. Simulation results confirm that our proposed MAC protocols offer a huge gain in system throughput compared to an IEEE 802.11 protocol. {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 we validate the accuracy of our model by comparing the analytical results with that obtained by means of simulations. {\textcopyright} 2014 Elsevier B.V."
 especially medium access control (MAC) and routing for ad hoc and sensor multi-hop networks (AHSMNs). We assume cooperators decode and forward the packets. Various analytical models
 frame service time and network throughput. Second
 Modulation and Coding Scheme (MCS)
 but a form of Japaneseness does not necessarily share native Japanese values. Based on the data used for this study
"Yu
 as it has created inter-cultural and inter-class dialogue. Beyond the region
 a full-duplex carrier sense multiple access with collision detection (FD-CSMA/CD) protocol is developed for OFDMA wireless networks. It is based on a hierarchical design: (1) with full-duplex communications
 2015
 Pseudepidalea viridis
 empirical
 providing partial answers to questions
 T"
 I evaluate whether different levels of development trigger different turnout functions. Not only do I find that highly developed countries have the highest levels of citizen participation in elections
 which have been rationally implemented in the three components of this metric. {\textcopyright} 2015 John Benjamins Publishing Company."
 2015."
 (iii) it does not need to gather the queue status from clients
 the calamity routes are indicated using different letters (e.g. ‘A') for the possible destinations. Sixteen subjects participated in the simulator study and drove through five scenarios after receiving instructions concerning their destination. The apparatus used consisted of a medium fidelity simulator mock-up equipped with an eye tracking system. Instead of being exposed to a virtual driving environment
 colorfulness
 strategic management
cited By 1
 the findings show that the use of analytical reporting has significantly increased in political coverage. The absence of formal separation between facts and opinions in the Chilean case confirms the global tendency toward more partisan journalism
 were selected for inclusion in this study. Crime news reports from the major newspaper of each selected community were analyzed based on the types of crimes (violent crime vs. property crime). These data were then compared to FBI crime statistics. In terms of the results
 using a cross-sectional data set for 205 European regions during the period 2000–2010. The results confirming our hypotheses are that related variety is significantly related to employment growth
 this planning approach needs effective optimization tools. Our hybrid two-stage approach is designed to be implemented in such business environment. This formulation allows us to solve real life instances even for a 7-day time horizon. {\textcopyright} 2015 The Authors."
 clearly defined and measurable medium and long term outcomes for the initiative were not prescribed
 Spain's nation branding project Marca Espa{\~{n}}a (Spain Brand) is critically analysed as a process of economic and political instrumentalization conducted by large companies who promote a simplified and homogeneous image of national culture. {\textcopyright} 2014
 requiring the design of efficient
 a Priority MAC (PMAC) protocol is introduced where priority is given to life critical traffics. A QoS architecture containing PMAC protocol is proposed and implemented. Simulation results show that our proposed architecture overcomes other architectures based on IEEE 802.15.4 and IEEE 802.15.6 in terms of energy consumption and Packet Delivery Ratio (PDR). {\textcopyright} 2015 IEEE."
 Leiden
 memory and computational capacity. In this paper
 health
 we design a CTS
 M W and Zhou
 Caroline (Carrie)
 we introduce a comparison with Spain and the UK
 charities share many of the challenges for IT-enhancement
cited By 1
cited By 3
 stamps aid the process of ""state-making"" by helping to establish historical traditions and by developing national collective memory. Postal authorities have sifted through the American experience to present diverse images and text in order to promote nationalism
 artists in residence are often invited to teach multicultural music in schools. Most participants acknowledged this practice as the most effective and authentic approach to educate students. To explore this further
 that enables a systematically selection process. {\textcopyright} 2015 International Institute of Informatics and Systemics IIIS. All rights reserved."
 the quality of civil engineering in China is not quite good. The quality scores of Public Square
 in each time slot
 when a new problem arises
 and the country's largest pure freight facility
 but many students are non-native English speakers. For these learners
 the information rate leakage to the eavesdropper cannot be canceled perfectly. To some extent
 this article uncovers the ways in which these films offer divergent perspectives of the lesbian subject. While Fine Dead Girls uses lesbian characters as a medium that ultimately reaffirms the heterosexist project despite its director's advertised lesbian-positive approach
 related to the economic crisis. Consequently
 which indicates that the effect of the CEE is more influential at low-to-medium SNR
 processing time
 which is a reliable
 time-arrangement databases
 which involves thousands of Monte Carlo runs for each design point. Currently
 this research focuses on alternative development approaches that could challenge conventional methods of infill delivery. At present
 in epistemological reflexivity and in pluralization of archaeological knowledge. Adopting a practice-centred approach
 as a consequence
 old buildings such as airport terminals can actually suffer from substantial interventions that make them perform very differently from their design intent
 however their implementations in heterogeneous traffic poses greater challenges. These heterogeneous vehicles have diverse static and dynamic characteristics such as dimensions
 from a common ancestor to the subsequent diversification regarding news content. These results show that phylogenetic models can be very helpful in understanding the evolution of conceptual metaphors
 1940
 we discuss some directions for applying News2Images to a news recommendation system. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2015 for the individual papers by the papers' authors."
 are both over 80 per cent. In particular
 debates and arguments in official and unofficial documents
 we advocate (1) collecting data at multiple temporal and purposive units; (2) diversifying source materials; and (3) coding ambiguity as a meaningful substantive variable. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2014."
 it maintains that as cultural translations engaged in the description and explanation of frames of reference different to those of the spectator
 audio dramas
 recommender systems can also act as a supporting tool for content selection and retrieval in more challenging fields
 law review membership
 we distinguish two dimensions of democracy that are at issue-democratic policymaking and democratic education-and conclude that the effect of NCLB has been to frustrate democracy along both of these dimensions. Findings: In terms of democratic policymaking
 using our newly-generated annotation program. Annotation results show that up to seven of 10 news articles are important and up to nine of them are from different topics. Challenges in selecting public front-page news are addressed with an emphasis on future research. {\textcopyright} Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals."
 a rural area of the territory. However
 etc. The Metadata-As-A-Service will allow search over the metadata
 view and way of expression and they may give the user a complete
 education
 octopi
 O and Ashworth
 we clearly see that disasters such as starvation
 moderately open structures
 we conducted naturalistic observations of 45 users interacting with different types of digital information environments. Without priming them about serendipity
 as she admits
 its arrival and departure asynchronous
 repression
"Wilson
 urban policy
"" the use of ""experts
 and elicited evaluations from online respondents who self-assessed their motivation type after evaluating the concepts. We present and discuss correlation results between motive types and preference for products that target these types for two iterations of the experiment. Deviations from our expected results are mainly due to unexpected perceptions
 no crowdsourcing platform today enables the end-to-end deployment of collaborative tasks. We demonstrate Crowd4U
 and combines the conceptual
 whereby meanings of words are aligned with 'approved' ways of thinking
 and tweets – represent a vast amount of data that can be brought to bear on problems ranging from measuring the progress of missions to forecasting important changes in the environment. The volume and velocity of this data requires processing tools that can help users understand the concepts and events being discussed. Additionally
 and they were used to construct different scenarios about the meaning of the political event. The research reveals major differences in metaphor use between the Catalan and the Spanish dailies covering the demonstration. The authors conclude that metaphor scenarios articulated a diverse discourse about the influence of citizenship agency on the political process for greater autonomy or even the independence of the region. {\textcopyright} 2015 (Enric Castell{\'{o}} {\&} Arantxa Capdevila)."
 annual reports
 which put forward the demand on link reliability models. Previous researches mainly focus on distance fading and irregularity of link reliability; however
 which might be thought of as a decline in interest. Prototype stories and methods to incorporate them are included. {\textcopyright} 2014
 this paper deals with the question: under which conditions are different associations founded-and when are they not founded? Following a brief mapping of the wide category of immigrant organizations
 and suggests suitable protocol stacks and parameter settings. It utilizes an ontology centric knowledge base to select components from a pool of alternatives and reason on their compatibility
 we make a deep analysis on how Twitter spammers find their targets. Based on the analysis
 Tangram detects the most prevalent template-based spam with 95.7{\%} true positive rate
 we further define a success/delay ratio
 this paper offers preliminary findings indicating that multimodality has the potential to palpably influence the production and consumption of games. Based on this outcome
 D and Kulmann
 the top-ranked tags are not only highly relevant to the image but also have significant semantic compensations with each other. Experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed approach. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 which provide the basis of how media contents can be labeled
 so that items placed higher in the rank are more likely to be interesting to the users. Interestingness measures include how accurate
 and betweenness centralization were calculated for each network. Because of the various sizes of the networks
 and formal/informal citizenship teaching and learning opportunities. We draw implications for productive debate across shifting notions of citizenship
 2005. American Journal of Sociology
 that there has been pluralism in earlier periods of history. The topic of this symposium is the exploration of such cases
 that it is important not to jump to conclusions regarding outcomes. Each country must be considered on its own terms. The final section introduces a rather different feature: the European Court of Human Rights
"Zulehner
 personas
 the narratives reflect on cultural ethical dilemmas relating to non-coercion
 three distinct objectives are apparent: to develop local talent
 the Xaltocan chemical groups would not be valid references for provenance studies. To evaluate these alternative hypotheses
 death penalty). Using a recognition task
 a source-relay pair is jointly selected to maximize the achievable secrecy rate. After that
 findings provide clear evidence of the section and language- related contrast in first person plural references' occurrence
 the workflows and chromosomes in the GA are assigned to levels to reduce the scheduling time. In addition
 besides neighbor information
 Fuzziness Knowl-Based Syst
 may or may not be satisfied
 even when that is far from the reality. Amidst these widespread claims of a post-racial or colorblind world
 ellipsoidal pore geometry obtained is found to achieve a significant reduction in the resistance to convective thermal exchange between constituents
 at its present state
 the persistent appeal of honor's principles
 and show how they can be epistemically challenged and defended. The result of this investigation is that
 I examine how three Latina students used semiotic resources and issues circulating in the different spaces of their lives to confidently argue their perspectives within the hybrid genres we created. From this collaborative work
cited By 23
 the transaction by itself does not provide any information about such underlying preferred features of users. In order to overcome this hurdle
 etc. After having described the GME-fuzzy regression model
 self-efficacy
 and European Unification in 25 EU countries
 to infer agreement). Agreement may be true (when (Formula presented.) (Formula presented.) infers that(Formula presented.) (Formula presented.) is thinking (Formula presented.) (Formula presented.) and this is in fact the case
 relying on a standard process instead of human expertise not only fails to answer the promise of process stability but also presents business risks related to poor design
 which resignify and redefine bisexuality through the use of stereotypes and the evasion of the sexuality and plurality of bisexual desire. By doing this
 we will propose a novel multiagent-based information diffusion model
 covering the diffusion actions of around 2.8 million users for more than 3 years. In particular
cited By 0
 the reliance on print as well the limited coverage of non-English language publications. However
 but also to the de-spatialized and de-ritualized character of American religion
 and religious thinkers to engage people of non-Muslim faith
 LLC."
 we propose to transfer the focus from the model development to latent feature learning
 J"
 social
 explored the measure method of complaint theme influence
 Quality-of-Experience (QoE) is a new concept related to but differs from Quality-of-Service (QoS) perception. QoE is a subjective measure of a customer's experiences with a service focuses on the entire service experience
 pluralism and public service
 including several in the Pacific
 but little to no scholarly analysis. This article responds to this lack of scholarship of this robust area of media practice by examining the experiences of participants at four well-established
 four social factors
 the article discusses a way in which participatory media has been piloted to enable community discussion about issues around climate change in the Pacific Islands. The ‘bottom-up' approach encourages participation of marginalised groups such as women
 it becomes a critical issue to develop a new detection solution. According to our survey
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 we also adapt a multipath routing protocol
 professional social service providers
 such as Foucault's work on discourse analysis. The article concludes that radio has a distinctive part to play in the teaching of language and media studies to large cohorts of students using the skills and resources brought to the subject by a generation of digital natives. {\textcopyright} 2014 Intellect Ltd Article."
 the methodological reflections of visual sociology are taken into consideration. The results provide an overview of these Audiovisual Cultural Artifacts of Protest and the theoretical discussion confirms the emergence of these new forms of visual protest
 in detail
 paying attention
 no instrument of this type targeting student conceptions in biotechnology has been developed. We report here the development
 which permits to estimate the expected number of packets that every user needs to collect for decoding. We then decompose our original rate allocation problem into a set of convex subproblems
 we find that the dynamic linkages among the markets are positively dependent on volatility regime. Specifically
 based on the review of available literature and proposes a schematic representation of the concepts."
 are often intense and culminate in the eruption of violence
 energy
 which is an expedient technology that dominates the whole assemblage
 as well as changes over time. However
 but do not find strong links between diversity
 the article concludes that Arendt's own assessment of online social networks
 Kurdish intellectuals benefited from some advantageous conditions such as freedom of speech and organization. Yet Kurdish intellectual endeavors in the Levant were to face political
 in which
 requires two phases of implementation. Phase 1 is the acquisition of new knowledge. Phase 2 is the strategic negotiation of that knowledge and interpretation of student feedback to make the necessary pedagogic adjustments in subsequent student–teacher interactions. Implications for teacher education and professional development are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2013
 political
 urbanization
 which indicates that race continues to be of central importance to the PSA and that the 1970s were a turning point when the PSA began to examine its role in promoting diversity in the discipline. Finally
 they challenged the dominant achievement paradigm and created their own sense of school success
 technology and society issues. {\textcopyright} 2013
 and landscape as a dynamic construct
 and Sunset Park in New York. A framework is developed to evaluate the economic
 struggle
 however
718 adolescents participating in the Project on Human Development in Chicago Neighborhoods
 parent–child relationships
 L W and Lee
 we can exponentially reduce the QMF additive approximation gap from $\Theta$(N) bits/s/Hz to $\Theta$(log N) bits/s/Hz
 security
 we highlight some limits induced by network density and occurrence frequency of event-driven applications. When it comes to realtime urban services
 Benjamin Stora
"Parthasarathi
 interaction and contestation
 systemic examination of political governance
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and reward that reflects intentionality and accountability for developing diverse institutional communities. {\textcopyright} 2013
 engineering
 respond
 Iranian women continue to put great effort into gaining equal rights and privileges
"Nuernbergk
 Copyright Taylor {\&} Francis."
 what sources of revenues they relied on
 including manipulation of the school's position in the rankings
 LLC."
 reading comprehension and their memorisation skills – a wider variety of aptitudes than those used by their EL1 peers. {\textcopyright} 2014
033 respondents were drawn from the general community and completed a questionnaire concerning their gambling behaviours and beliefs about gambling as an escape
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 but these could by properly adjusted given suitable scaffolding. In contrast
 three shadowing sessions and a number of documents and artefacts (e.g.
 basing subsequent decision on social proof. It is shown how groups of the latter may end in a state of pluralistic ignorance leading to inaction. Sequential models for each agent type are specified
 and questioning the need for it. Arguments in favor of incremental inference include better explanation of diverse causal inferences in behavioral science
 we will stress certain key epistemic and social interactive aspects of the phenomenon. Second
 such as misrepresenting aspects of a target system. By highlighting the continuities dimensional analysis has with forms of modelling we are able to describe more precisely what makes dimensional analysis explanatory and understand otherwise puzzling aspects of dimensional reasoning
 and look at some responses to it. In Sect. 3 I outline my conception of stances as perspectives or ways of seeing
 many of which focus on the design of a new evaluation measure or on the study about different search directions. It is well accepted that diversity plays a crucial role in ensemble selection methods. Many evaluation measures based on diversity have been proposed and have achieved a good success. However
 which motivates our second contribution: a theoretical understanding of the consequences of strategic posting on the stability of social media
 on entropy generation
 leading to a situation in which partisan social media users hardly engage with discrepant information or views at all. {\textcopyright} 2014
 metapragmatic negotiations of language style and the role of English as a resource among networked writers. {\textcopyright} 2014 Elsevier Ltd."
 the related documents are found using related tweets of keywords. Finally
 approached through the lenses of competing orders of indexicality
 it has the side-effect of promoting intercultural and multilingual contact among diverse residents of Luxembourg. The paper focuses on how communication is organised between the diverse members of the group
cited By 2
 the revisited notion of ausbau is meant to capture the tension between language/identity as an individual
 RS 29.6. RS29.7
 and how these two expressive media behave when placed into dialogue. We hope that the lines of enquiry that these articles open up will reinvigorate the discussion by shedding light on the cross-fertilization between written and filmed poetry
 that incorporating semantic awareness may help improving the power of genetic programming. This survey analyzes and discusses the state of the art in the field
 two more subperiods were identified: 1995-2003 and 2003-2010. Our research discovered essential differences in the population rates of small and medium-sized towns located in the functional areas of regional capital cities (Group I) and outside (Group II). In 1995-2010
 Senegal[U+05F3]s official language
 a user's preference tends to be stable due to the mechanism of selecting similar content-wise news articles with respect to the user's profile. To activate users' reading motivations
 computational systems have epistemological repercussions for research. The authors thus aim at situating the development of the toolset in relation to methodological debates in the social sciences and humanities. Design/methodology/approach–The authors review the possibilities and limitations of existing approaches to capture and analyze Twitter data in order to address the various ways in which computational systems frame research. The authors then introduce the open-source toolset and put forward an approach that embraces methodological diversity and epistemological plurality. Findings–The authors find that design decisions and more general methodological reasoning can and should go hand in hand when building tools for computational social science or digital humanities. Practical implications–Besides methodological transparency
 when wireless devices are taken into account
 this non-profit corporation also illuminates the problems with deploying GIS to political ends
 these networks are often large and composed of multi-categorical nodes and edges
 with probability approaching one exponentially quickly as n → ∞ty. Our interest in this article is in a variant of the process above where
 deterring people from considering their networks' diversity. We test these competing hypotheses experimentally by priming people at varying levels of status with power (high/low) and asking them to report their social networks. We show that confirming identity-not affirming power-cognitively prepares people to broaden their social networks when the world is changing around them. The emotional signature of having a confirmed identity is feeling comfortable and in control
 yet these had been achieved with data structures using nℋ0(s)+o(n$\backslash$lg $\sigma$) bits. On highly compressible sequences the o(nlg$\sigma$) bits of the redundancy may be significant compared to the nℋ0 (s) bits that encode the data. Our representation
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 they demonstrated children's emerging literacy skills in a relaxed
cited By 6
 K and Lee
 we first propose an optimized local tag propa- gation algorithm to generate tags for profilingWeibo users and then use a Chinese knowledge graph accompanied by an improved ESA (explicit semantic analysis) for semantic matching of cross-domain tags. Empirical comparisons to the state-of-the-art approaches jus- Tify the efficiency and effectiveness of our approaches. {\textcopyright} Copyright 2014 by the International World Wide Web Conferences Steering Committee."
 studying both (i) how user submissions have evolved over time and (ii) how the community's allocation of attention and its perception of submissions have changed over 5 years based on an analysis of almost 60 million submissions. Our work reveals an ever-increasing diversification of topics accompanied by a simultaneous concentration towards a few selected domains both in terms of posted submissions as well as perception and attention. By and large
 achieving satisfactory results across all three data sets. Such a classifier potentially enables studies of diverse conflicts on Twitter on a large scale. {\textcopyright} Copyright 2014 by the International World Wide Web Conferences Steering Committee."
 those issues that tend to divide people. Through a case study about a sensitive issue discussed in Twitter
"Priyatam
 and meta-data
 although evidence of a clearly definable 'collective intelligence' was lacking
 assertive and strong discussions have greater influence than analytical ones. These results have implications for the practice of citizenship and the theory of selective exposure as well as for future directions in political communication research. {\textcopyright} 2014 International Communication Association."
cited By 0
"Troen
 human-computer interaction
cited By 2
 S"
 on the other hand
 contends that the modern party leader (singular) can play by far the leading role within their party and parliamentary leadership (plural). Opposition party leaders have the potential to be powerful (that is they will be 'preeminent') because they (1) lead the 'shadow government'; (2) have the right of proposal and veto over party policy and electoral strategy; (3) have a powerful private office which is able to lead and direct the party both within and without parliament; and (4) control the party's 'official' news media operation
 lexical richness differed between the settings
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 English broadcast news 50 hours
 some of which may change at run-time i.e. after cloud application deployment. We introduce a novel model-driven security engineering approach for multi-tenant
 differences across gender and ethnic/racial groups were examined. Participants included 140 (71 {\%} female) ages 10-16 at baseline recruited from urban public schools in Chicago with high percentages of low-income students. The current sample was ethnically diverse (41 {\%} African American
163 participants (48.5 {\%} boys) enrolled in an ethnically diverse suburban middle school in the Midwest between 1.25 and 20.50 months after these participants entered the 7th grade. The results from growth curve modeling indicated that levels of depressive symptoms decreased over time for boys but remained stable for girls during the developmental period examined. There is also evidence that support from mothers
 we propose two versions of the SS (V1 and V2) with different strategies. In contrast to the original SS
 their non-Catholic neighbors. {\textcopyright} 2013 The Author(s)."
"Khotimah
 popularity of celebrities etc. Sentiment analysis over Twitter offers a fast and efficient way of monitoring the public sentiment. In this paper
 humour
 Grahamstown
 entropy and stadard deviation. Characteristic function will be added as needed. The results of the calculation of characteristic functions will be made more specific using the method of wavelet transform Daubechies type 2 and invariant moment. The result will be the index value of every type of batik. Because each motif there are the same but have different sizes
 the extension of patterns of transitivity
 we examine the popularity of videos and their characteristics
 and also conducted a comparative analysis on how use motivations differ when using KakaoTalk (a form of instant messaging) and Facebook. Our work clarifies the use motivations of text-based media during TV consumption
 regional landscape ecological risk
 and (c) use of first-person singular and plural pronouns predicts post-breakup adjustment. Findings suggest that language style differences in private and public accounts from the same person may illustrate variations in how individuals adjust to stressful experiences. {\textcopyright} 2013 SAGE Publications."
 we proposed novel (kw)-structural diversity anonymity
 such as socio-economic status
 detected candidate text lines are refined by using an image entropy-based filter. Finally
cited By 5
 and provides tracking results to designers for producing numerous fascinating applications that appeal to more diverse interactive imaginations. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
 improving on the previous best solutions for 24 of them
 Australian culture and Islamic religion. This study contributes to knowledge about the lived experiences of young Muslim women in Australia regarding meanings of sexuality and the difficulties they have in balancing the influences of religion and culture. This knowledge can be useful for the provision of sexual health care that reflects a culturally and religiously sensitive approach for young Muslim women in Australia and elsewhere. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Israeli adolescents today do not unanimously embrace neoliberal principles of global justice. This suggests they are guided by complex beliefs encompassing both neoliberal and more domestically driven principles
 unduly interferes in matters where value systems and core domestic preferences on ethical issues are at stake. This happens in a context where the EU is resented
 the discovery of the Chinese and Japanese dragons
 days in prior month when their physical or mental health was not good
 negotiate their cultural identities
 which deals with the location problem in DDoS defense
 but only as long as their community and its unions remain unrecognized. Polyamorists' position as marginal citizens is reaffirmed. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 2012). For many students of immigrant families
 a novel nature-inspired algorithm called the States of Matter Search (SMS) is introduced. The SMS algorithm is based on the simulation of the states of matter phenomenon. In SMS
 how would a national truth commission address the diversity of locations
 few implementations of facial beauty assessment were based on 3D facial features. The purpose of this paper is to propose a novel cluster assessment system for facial attractiveness that is characterized by the incorporation of 3D geometric Moir{\'{e}} features with an adjusted fuzzy neural network (FNN). We first extract 3D facial features from images acquired by a 3dMD scanner. Seven Moir{\'{e}} features are employed to represent a 3D facial image. The FNN classifier
 we proposed a quadratic interpolation based OLPSO-G (QIOLPSO-G)
000-{\$}12
 besides improving fairness and throughput
 its analysis is framed in terms of flows between households
 the Altach Islamic cemetery demonstrates a new approach to creating Islamic architecture in non-Islamic environments that fosters cultural convergence. By emphasizing the dialogic dimensions of architecture through design
 UK
 there are not many support type resources that are easily accessible
 in which ""policy knowledge"" is understood as more useful-indeed
 physical interactions (e.g.
 an analysis of participant discussions about media practices and life in the United Kingdom reveals more about the politics of representation and belonging in a period of considerable instability and change than it reveals about reported practices. {\textcopyright} Koninklijke brill NV
 as national boundaries are mutually re-constituted through the process in which cross-border cultural flows and encounters are promoted in a way to accentuate an inter-nationalised form of cultural diversity. {\textcopyright} Koninklijke Brill NV
 for instance verbal metaphor
 for instance verbal metaphor
 in rural child care centers
 sensing (p {\textgreater} 0.01)
 and centralised layout and editing is recognised internationally
 where the common vertex set represents the entities and the edges on different layers capture the similarities of the entities in term of the different modalities. In this paper
 P and Chng
 adjusts the RS coder parameter and selects the optimal relay nodes. On the other hand
 with central limit theorem. Finally
 a fully distributed joint candidate forwarder selection Opportunities Routing for Multiple Multicast Flows algorithm (ORMMcF) is proposed. ORMMcF allocates the flow rate iteratively and the rate allocation decides the candidate forwarder selection of opportunistic routing. The simulation results show that ORMMcF algorithm improves 46.2{\%}
 which is well demonstrated by extensive evaluations based on the data set from Dianping. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
"Lai
 and others have to endure poor QoE. Meanwhile
 and investigate the cases when (conditional) graph entropy is equal to (conditional) chromatic entropy. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 community detection facilitates better product recommendations. Unfortunately
 which compromises between resources consumption and performance improvement
 and adopted an effective classification method to track events with given themes. In the test set
 and to crystallize involvement into political acts with other offline actions. Rather than decaying to an echo chamber or ""slacktivism""
 there are substantial opportunities for youth to demonstrate their independence
 electronic learning communities
 resulting in a reduced inclination to display prosocial behavior. In Experiment 1
 namely the presence of refactoring activities
"Windzio
 incomplete and possibly noisy. I define types of information
 in one condition the students were randomly allocated to groups by staff and in the other
 explains away incorrect votes
 based on considerations from classical physics
 there has been no overt contestation about the definition of CD. Social
"Caticha
 and transnational television
 the issue of robust trust inference and update becomes critical. There is a need to find online substitutes for traditional (direct or face-to-face) cues to derive measures of trust
 and physical aggression. There was a significant interaction effect between popularity goal and popularity status on the use of concurrent social aggression at Time 1; a higher popularity goal was associated with greater usage of social aggression for high-popular adolescents. Popularity goal alone did not predict popularity status change at Time 2; rather
 LLC."
 Canada
 it helps the operators and users to compose services that are dispersed across remote sites. By leveraging open-source agent middleware
cited By 45
 which complements the information from the unstructured data. The structured data can provide valuable information about domain knowledge
 pp. 13-32
 described
 the proposed method
 we consider three major factors affecting performance of CARS methods
 and subjective and psychological well-being. In two cross-sectional studies
 non-socialist and unequal nations. Corruption appears to be the most significant factor
 simultaneously
 confidence in initiating contact
 the selected user re-constructs its own signal and cancels this signal from its received vector and forwards the resultant vector. This forwarded signal contains less interference and preserves the data information for the users who have not yet decoded their data. The receiving nodes decode their data streams by jointly considering the received vectors from all the previous hops. The comparison of the two proposed protocols in terms of computational complexity
cited By 10
 progress monitoring
 who are interested in published empirical cases. Therefore this work is expected to make a contribution to the future development of research in the GSE field
 through which each node can utilize multiple channels simultaneously and efficiently allocate the upper-bounded power resource with only one data radio. Based on the proposed CAD technology
 and personal accounts
 freedom of expression and speech and a free media are widely accepted principles. Political parties and social groups in liberal democratic societies are therefore able to express varied and opposing opinions on societal concerns
 bisexual
 the parsing of events has largely been outsourced to regular expressions. Although very affective at extracting information from events
 journalists
 as long as an enterprise has business design. SOA gives a better alignment between IT and Business process
 boundary entropy and context features are employed to recognize the abbreviation FNE candidates. The experiments completed on a Chinese financial dataset show that the proposed approach achieves 91.02{\%} precision and 92.77{\%} recall. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
"Choudhary
 these regulations are contrasted with data resulting from the analysis of both the diversity of services offered on line and their depth of transaction. The approach seeks to help clarify the relationship between supply and service functionality and the level of regulation of e-Health within the regional administrations."
cited By 1
 produced and performed by US-born Cuban Americans
 and even resist the increasingly diverse urban population and the shifting reality of what it meant to be American during this period. It also considers the resistive potential
 fiction and criticism ranging from 1790s to the 1930s). While studies of new dialect formation have focused overwhelmingly on phonological features (with the notable exception of Fritz in 2005)
 sample of studies is repeatedly cited to create momentum around a policy proposal. In exploring the echo-chamber hypothesis
 and with means to control the filtering mechanism. The visualization has been implemented in a peer-to-peer social network
 B R and Neville-Shepard
"Colleoni
"Morin
 they are more likely to read news from opposing sites when the language model of a particular news item is close to the language model of their own political leaning. Based on this finding
976 websites visited by 402 participants) for the period 7 weeks prior to the 2013 Israeli national elections. The results indicate that (1) self-report measurements of ideological exposure are inflated
 using theory from communication scholars and philosophers
 has emerged. While the international disability movement is interested in mobilizing grassroots groups
 understanding a citizen's perceived value of a government service through social media and social media's media synchronicity under the characteristics of government services could provide significant insights into the government's social media use. Also
 countries
 observed social media behaviours of other governments and experiences in the governments' environment influence the decision. Our results both give in-depth insights in governments' decision and implementation processes of social media and serve as a basis for further (quantitative) studies."
 people in learning how to deal with social media. The purpose of this paper is to examine the role and position of social media experts in the distribution of information on social media within the library as organization.
 E and Vanderlinde
 this work has been largely descriptive. Thus
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 there are not many studies conducted on the difference in the gratification of social media reflecting unique features and characteristics of social media. This study examined gratification of social media utilizing limited resources based on four important factors using niche theory. Niche theory employs niche width
 and language learners play an important role in forming transnational networks
 W and Zhu
 and validate our results with Amazon Mechanical Turk experiments. We show that although more than 80 {\%} of all friendships on Twitter are created due to data interests
 the values used to cover and construct representation women athletes and women's sports have not changed. An historic overview of media coverage of women's sports is compared with today's digitized
 which could be synergized into collective knowledge using the social-collaborative dimension of social media. This article addresses the following questions: (1) How can social media support the management of personal and collective knowledge using a synergetic approach? (2) Do the personal and collective dimensions compete with each other
 promotion
 we propose a method for finding groups of people who express similar ideas about a specific subject in their postings. We also introduce an algorithm to label each group of users based on their postings. The labels help us to get a more profound insight into the main opinion of each group. The work described in this paper has high significance and a variety of practical applications. Applicability and effectiveness of the proposed approach have been demonstrated in a case study on the Tweets related to Royal Bank of Canada. The reported results prove the viability and efficiency of our approach. Besides
 governments
 people can instantly chat with friends without face-to-face interaction
 we measured bilateral
 and the edges are the relatedness in the YouTube network and the colink relationships in the Twitter network. Multilateral analysis is conducted to compare two networks. We found that users focused heavily on K-pop music in the YouTube network whereas they were engaged in a more diverse range of cultural contents including music
 Instagram users share more food and travel photos while Twitter users discuss more about sports and news. Based on these characteristics
 68 {\%} of airlines use FB as a customer service platform. The major determinants of whether an airline operates a FB page are airline size and its business model. Conclusions: Social networks play an increasingly important role in marketing and customer service of airlines. We expect the usage of social media by airlines to further increase in the future as a direct result of increasing importance of ""generation Z"" on the market. {\textcopyright} 2013 The Author(s)."
 were proposed and answered. Our results reveal two main challenges faced by the field. First
 they often adopted
 and habitual diversion gratifications. The entertainment and communication gratifications replicate those found in prior uses and gratifications research concerning other social networking features
 irrespective of the ethnic identity
 comprehensive statistical experiments are conducted with comparison to several conventional methods. Promising results are reported from this study. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 collection
cited By 1
 open-sourced
 whether partisan sharing: 1) exists at all; 2) changes across individuals (e.g.
 which are assumed to be the source of Twitter's real time feature
 by analysing three centrally managed multiple social media consulations conducted by Members of the European Parliament
 perceived news credibility and news preference at the news attribute level. Findings: The results revealed that the influences of self-perceptions of opinion leadership
 we propose a Political News Sharing (PoNS) model that holistically captures four key aspects of social psychology: gratification
cited By 29
 social media responded faster and diminished faster
 can be a mix bag of posts
 and data processing at large scale. Our use case was based on a cross-platform interest-based navigation and content filtering across multiple radio content streams. The streams consisted of tags from radio stations' programming and social media content through a discovery process. User interaction was geared to enable preferred topic filtering
 by going beyond features that quantify individual influence and additionally leveraging collective features of activity variation
cited By 1
 we found that participants who perceived more differences with their friends engaged less on Facebook than those who perceived more homogeneity. Weak ties were particularly brittle to political disagreements
 especially from government channels
 and fast-evolving linguistic norms. In this paper we seek to analyze a tweet stream to automatically discover points in time when an important event happens
 public high school over the course of an academic year. The after-school clubs provided students with opportunities to develop digital literacies that could be leveraged for the acquisition of cultural and social capital. Although participation in the clubs expanded students' offline social networks
 their personalized image sets are usually related to specif c topics and show large feature distribution bias from general Internet images. Therefore
 is a scrutiny of journalists' use of Twitter. The article deploys multidimensional methods against a theoretical conceptual approach. It uses a content analysis of Twitter feeds
 administrators and students. Findings – The findings show the close matched of the ownership
 SentiWordNet
"Heo
 medical
 organization or any particular context of their interest. However
 emotion entrainment has received little attention to date. In addition
090 Twitter messages on the topic of Coursera and examines patterns of student learning and teacher instruction as expressed in various tweets. The research finds that MOOC instructors have used the social media tool heavily to promote their teaching and ensure success of the online education. At the same time
 based on a historic Black Church cultural toolkit
 bisexual and transgender (LGBT) communities. This article
 practitioners and clinicians. Challenges in medical information retrieval include: diversity of users and user knowledge and expertise; variations in the format
 participation in social environments such as Stack Overflow or GitHub) impact distributed collaboration in OSS. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2014 ACM."
 we offer an in-depth understanding of how communication technologies were used and appropriated in order to democratize mainstream media
cited By 0
 we investigate a novel problem of inferring multi-aspect diffusion networks with multi-pattern cascades. In particular
 comparison models
 the mobile phone as well as the internet in general are aiding @Verdade to generate and engage with news sources as well as deliver content to diverse audiences. Drawing on structuration theory (as modified by Orlikowski) and the sociology of journalism approach
 how popular or prevalent they are). Similarly users in a micro-blogging site have diverse interests. Assuming one wishes to disseminate a message to a set V of users interested in a specific topic
 it introduces the concepts of popular items and frequent raters. To reduce the dimensionality of the rating matrix
 recreational
cited By 3
 we offer insights on City Sensing: an early result of City Data Fusion that allows to visually analyse city scale events such as Milano Design Week. {\textcopyright} 2014 Authors."
 Melbourne as a place. We show how for this generation of international students their senses of both home and Australia are fragmented
 (3) demographics representativeness of tweets for real population demographics
 the isolation of foreigners
 newspaper size
 this paper analyses participants' news consumption habits
 2) users who engage in SNS for self-presentation spend less money and buy less quantities
 the extracted Twitter activity timeline closely matches the known timeline from the schedule. Our results show that
 and conclude the percentages of media influences among the segregated groups of opinions with respect to these topics. {\textcopyright} 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V."
 the stock market
 using Twitter. In our analysis
 leveraging social multimedia content and its surrounding context offers ample oppor- tunities for better understanding and captur- ing the real world and for building innovative and engaging applications. However
 2013). With the growth and variation of information behaviors among youth in social media and the mobile Web
 and adolescent disclosure to parents (for boys). Qualitative results revealed that families use media in diverse ways including for entertainment
 and provide recommendations on designing a personalized community diversity environment. {\textcopyright} 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
 it generates a domain-specific sentiment lexicon that yields weighted average FMeasure gains of 3{\%}. Our sentiment classification model achieves approximately 1{\%} greater accuracy than a state-of-the-art approach based on elementary discourse units. {\textcopyright} 2014 Association for Computational Linguistics."
 voluntarily providing data that capture their daily life experiences
 author's profile etc. In this paper we investigate the use of such social tag information for visual diversification of image search results in Flickr. We model search result diversity as an instance of the p-dispersion problem where the objective is to choose p out of n given points
 how can one figure out an effective approach to maintaining balance between vulnerability and social utility? In this work
 participants frequently reinstated contexts through tailored performances and audience separation. These findings provide insight into stigmatized identity performances in networked publics while situating context collapse within a broader understanding of impression management
 New Zealand and Papua New Guinea. Pacific Media Watch was founded as an independent
 R and Egglestone
 however
 communications
 machine learning)
 behavior. Specifically
 sustainability
"Parmaxi
 we have fully annotated an English web corpus for multiword expressions
 Financial Supply Chain Management (FSCM))
 Wikipedia articles or Wikipedia-based relatedness measures). Since heterogeneous information networks do not have such features
 which is a key resource of the mobile smart revolution. Firstly
 and FC Barcelona-Real Madrid. In all cases
 and congestions. Moreover
 communal
cited By 3
 Flickr
 one may reach a stationary state with a directed flow of information. To distinguish between the two situations
 we study the novel task of automatically identifying users' social circles. We pose this task as a multimembership node clustering problem on a user's ego network
 like in Wikipedia
"Singh
 we explore how to retrieve the OSN content in a cost-effective way by retaining the simple and robust nature of OSNs. Our approach exploits a simple
 B and Chee
 and most importantly
cited By 12
 semantic features
 we can discover the center nodes which should be monitored emphatically in the P2P networks. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 author and scholar Robin Kelley goes on to ask whether the outrage of the summer of 2014 can be galvanized to transform official U.S. policy. {\textcopyright} 2014 by the Institute for Palestine Studies."
 which refers to acting as a group member
 we argue that there is no political equality (plurality) without conflict and without conflict no constructive political dialogue. In this line of argument
 and Interpretive. Integrating the three lenses
 its pervasiveness
 and could not be collected
 research centers
 a concept inspired by early modern artisans' attempts to chart the contours of the world
 but are also enabled through new forms of ICTs commonly referred to as social software or Web 2.0 technologies. Although
 consequently acting as input to our auto-annotation approach. In particular
 A R"
 especially in unusual situations such as emergency management
 users can be extensively correlated with each other by various connections. To categorize these diverse connections among users
cited By 1
 M and Mahdi
 and high k-shell nodes have been identified as good initial spreaders. However
 and sensing input streams. The problem is that these platforms do not guarantee the performance in terms of the processing time and even let the accuracy of output data be addressed by new studies in each area where the platform is applied. Thus
 in order to make full use of all the local information and obtain a LILPA with highly-predicted capability
 we collected about 21.997 tweets related to Marco Civil
 serendipitous approach. Information seeking in general
 where lack of identity cues and low barriers to entry can lead to heightened incivility between participants
 and to what extent. We analyze an online community corpus of 840K restaurants and their 1.1M associated reviews from 2002 to 2011
 mobility coordination
 and tablets are increasingly being integrated into cars
 which may be overly restrictive
 facilities and information are closely involved in logistics procedures and form an up-to-date social network
 for cold-start users who have an insufficient number of bookmarks to express their preferences
 called social entropy and community score to evaluate the quality of the discovered clusters. The results show that geo-social clusters have special properties and cannot be found by applying simple spatial clustering approaches. The efficiency of our index-based implementation is also evaluated experimentally. {\textcopyright} 2014 ACM."
 it has become all the more imperative to study and research media management with respect to trends
 third-party apps
 the garment items appearing in the target photo. This task not only poses interesting challenges for existing vision and recognition algorithms
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 and brokerage positions that support the diffusion of innovations
 present significantly more challenges than other types of objects. This article takes an initial step toward understanding the unique characteristics of video sharing propagation in social networks. Based on realworld data traces from a large-scale online social network
 and autonomous nature of software agents. Considering the context
 interval
 and this has been further made possible through social media in Web 2.0. The increased availability of collaborative tools in Web 2.0 has made it possible to have online collaborative learning realized in Higher Learning Institutions (HLIs). However
 a directed scale-free network is realized
 S and Glass
cited By 22
 we address this problem by proposing a social network hyperbolic embedding that exploits both social connections and user preferences aiming at increasing both the accuracy and the diversity of recommendations. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 the access mechanism between OSN and third party is not perfect enough. Besides
 each individual in a social network is inclined to be associated with not only a vertex identity but also a community identity
cited By 0
cited By 0
 often racialised
 M and {\""{O}}zcan
"Barnidge
 entropy satisfying discontinuous Galerkin methods for solving Fokker–Planck equations. Both semidiscrete and fully discrete methods satisfy two desired properties: mass conservation and entropy satisfying in the sense that these schemes are shown to satisfy the discrete entropy inequality. These ensure that the schemes are entropy satisfying and preserve the equilibrium solutions. It is also proved the convergence of numerical solutions to the equilibrium solution as time becomes large. At the finite time
 constitutes social identity and thus an important object for media research. I offer a reconceptualization of media engagement as a participatory media culture and outline a unique methodological approach developed for the study of this culture in new media spaces. The methodology incorporated use of a laptop to record and analyze the auto-ethnographic reports and actions of a panel of respondents. As an example of an outcome using this methodology
 respectively. Following a new line of research
 whereas Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) enjoys more support from @TheDemocrats followers. In the domain of marketing we give evidence that celebrity endorsement is reflected in co-following and we demonstrate how our methodology can be used to reveal the audience similarities between not so obvious entites such as Apple and Puma. {\textcopyright} 2014 ACM."
 location privacy. Moreover
 which mines topical interests from five social networks and assigns over 10
 network externality is generally combined with technology acceptance model (TAM) for researching the behavior of users in regard to telephones
847)
 this model takes the joint attributes and link knowledge into consideration. The effect of different data distributions is discussed. The real world data set from weibo.com has been adopted. It is demonstrated that the privacy metric algorithm in this article is effective in OSN privacy evaluation. The prediction error is 30{\%} lower than that of the work mentioned above {\textcopyright} 2014 The Journal of China Universities of Posts and Telecommunications."
 in order to accurately model user's interests
 complementarity
 mobile apps and online digital technology
 mobile devices have several problems such as the movement problem and the utilization problem. Especially
 precision and accuracy. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 and highlights the complex relationship between various social actors and the numerous avenues used to shape public information and perception. While corporations causing pollution mainly serve as barriers to civil society using the media effectively to highlight environmental injustices (e.g. through corporate media sponsorships
 patterns of media ownership
 Vietnam
 topics
cited By 0
"Cheng
 and the changes in the perspectives of the members of these subcommunities due to endogenous dynamics inside the community."
cited By 1
 advocated cross-ownership based on economic values ignoring social values. On the other hand
 users or friends in social networks)
cited By 28
 the study demonstrates how knowledge processes
 to ensure that expectations of privacy are preserved. This paper presents the first user study of incentivised location sharing
 we propose TCC-aware data forwarding strategies which exploit the special characteristics of TCCs to increase the contact opportunities and then improve the performance of data forwarding. Trace-driven simulations show that our TCC-aware data forwarding strategies outperform existing data forwarding strategies in terms of data delivery ratio and network overhead. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 we argue that the meanings that SNS feedback features communicate to individuals induce in them feelings of social presence and enjoyment
 quality of knowledge sharing
cited By 0
 racial
 it considers the coverage of the scandal surrounding expenditure on President Zuma's Nkandla homestead
"Oso
 Political Context and Informed Citizenship: A Comparative Study""
 how it does so varies between sources seen as conservative and sources seen as liberal. The study discusses implications relating to theories about media perceptions. {\textcopyright} 2014 International Communication Association."
 (4) an initiator of public discourse and (5) an agent of civil society activism. This article explores the different roles such media plays by conducting a case study of In-media
 Twitter allows only 180 queries per 15 minutes
 J and O'Connor
 the MAP is NP-hard. In this work
 both proposed formulations obtained results with superior goodness-of-fit and predictive capacity to a traditional model using a first-order Stirling approximation. The version incorporating the second-order Stirling approximation delivered the best performance. {\textcopyright} 2014
 the proposed method can reduce the computing complexity effectively in sorting the signals. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 relevance
 Spain
 we should focus on social actors and their playful performances. By employing an ethnographic/discourse analytic approach to language and new media
 while others were commercially driven and balanced demands from Moscow against the demands of their audience. The findings are relevant to assessments of Russian regional influence
 key elements of the print design process
 we argue that an effective model for contextual suggestion should not only promote the categories that the user is interested in
 using its real-time and accurate localization information. In the Matlab Simulink-based training framework
 the number of vanishing moments is an important characteristic of dyadic wavelets for singularity analysis because it provides an upper bound measurement for singularity characterization. Using lifting dyadic schemes
 this study content-analyzed Hong Kong newspaper coverage of protests. The results show that the protest paradigm is more likely to emerge if the protest involved radical tactics
 indicating robust agenda-setting effects of the media on the public
 assessing WIST productivity variation is important. The problem of the complexity of performance evaluation makes the development and the application of standard models more difficult. This study uses the VIKOR and entropy method to evaluate the performance of WIST and rank the priorities for them accordingly. The relative weight of different evaluation criteria for the performance of WIST comes from the entropy results. We can see that
 the predictabilities of aggregated traffic of gateway in WMN are analyzed using MSE method to show how different routing protocols bear different mobility scenarios. The MSE results show that the aggregated traffic of gateway with DSDV is more difficult to be predicted than that with AODV for different mobility scenarios. The maxspeed parameter of RWP dominates the traffic predictability for AODV. Both of the pause time and the maxspeed parameters
cited By 6
 a score related to the frequency of terms in the whole document
cited By 4
cited By 1
 as well as the probability of customer flows from and to event places such as stadiums and parks are all vital factors. Through supervised learning techniques we demonstrate that the success of businesses hinges on a combination of both geographic and mobility factors. Our results suggest that location-based social networks
 which spilled over to trust. Neither Facebook use nor civic engagement directly influenced generalized trust. This study suggests the viability of both physical (civic) and digital (Facebook) modes of reengaging trust in an ever-diversifying society. The ""virtuous circle
 this study examines the nature and depth of the Globe and Mail newspaper's news coverage of Africa. The analysis shows a paradoxical news discourse at play in the newspaper's overall coverage of Africa from 2003 to 2012. Thus
 and uses these to create a suitable human-readable headline. In addition
 the fuzzy learning model is fitted by several agents with diverse settings; those agents produce different productivity forecasts. Fuzzy intersection is then applied to determine the narrowest range that contains the actual value from the fuzzy forecasts. Finally
 mass mobilizations and global solidarity. These communicative tactics in the activist ‘repertoire of communication' are informed by several important commitments to alternative content and processes
"Hu
 65
 which is particularly useful and valid for media education. The ultimate goal is to rebuild the social
 Medya-TV and Roj-TV
 both from within and outside the continent
 we present a new method for predicting bursty events using content-related indices. Prediction is performed by a neural network that combines three features in order to predict the number of retweets of a tweet on the Twitter platform. The indices are related to popularity
 in German cities
 whereas having few cross-racial friendships enhanced the effects of color-blind attitudes on both socialization variables. The importance of transracially adoptive families creating diverse and multiracial social networks is discussed. {\textcopyright} 2014 American Psychological Association."
273 employees in TCS generating millions of interactions well over the span of 14 months
 we propose a novel robust recommendation algorithm called RobuRec which exploits a distinctive feature
 biographies
cited By 3
 an Arabic SA tool is designed and implemented to effectively take advantage of the constructed lexicons. The proposed SA tool possesses many novel features such as the way negation and intensification are handled. The experimental results show encouraging outcomes with 74.6{\%} accuracy in addition to revealing new insights and guidelines that could direct the future research efforts. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 we focus on the co-authorship network of researchers who collaborate in Technology-enhanced Learning (TeL). This is achieved through the example of the Educational Technology {\&} Society (ETS) Journal
 nuanced ways
 mobile environment
 physical as well as symbolic. Through the analysis of an audiovisual and cognitive ethnography with ELAN software we find differences in decision-making patterns across multimodal instructions. On the other hand
 we analyzed and compared the topological characteristics and evaluative patterns of our model with the Enron Email Dataset. The experimental results proved that our model was beneficial to uncover the implicit communication mechanisms of a real organization."
 and an algorithm to select the most representative templates for the selected identities. The novelty of the algorithm for template analysis and selection relies on the proposed use of the concept of entropy. This concept is the base of most techniques that exploit relative entropy to estimate the degree of uniqueness which is assured by a biometric trait
 (2) bring in diversity to Bangla not only from English but also from different genre of discourses
 as the peace process continues on the island
cited By 5
 or the remains of painted advertising signs. Here we discuss the project's investigation of the use of digital media to informally document and share otherwise-forgotten aspects of urban memory
 including the spatial layout of the site
 Naive Bayes (NB) and support vector machine (SVM)
 changes in legislation and increasingly educated clients driving the industry to constantly adapt to remain competitive. This represents a key problem for construction professionals as they must continually be aware of new information
 blurs the boundaries between the domestic and foreign
 this article determines how the three studied components (claim to fame
 the proposed method outperforms the method of SUS by about 0.3 bps/Hz
 which would remain invisible otherwise. We present the design of a user check-in system for improving the library as a physical destination for social learning
 one that is tight on performance but loose on tactics; it focuses on the paradox of digital convergence on the one hand and content diversity on the other. How can we best define the role of mediated communication in its multiple technological avatars? Is it becoming a God of Small Things
"Kar
 (2) the image entropy and (3) the width and height of the image to balance the JPEG decoding workload on the underlying hardware. Our run- Time partitioning and scheduling scheme exploits task
 Y and Kim
 with the advent of online social networking sites
 the article examines three employment strategies: socialization and informal learning processes in domestic units
 and development of high-semantic indicators to describe diverse primitive collaborative acts
 LLC."
 M G"
 like travel applications
 importance
 we present a brief survey of the major research efforts on email mining. To emphasize the differences between email mining and general text mining
 the relationship between words and distance between words can be obtained."
 and the ways in which this translates into relationships with place and space. The paper draws out both the commonalities and the diversity of experiences among refused asylum seekers living in England. {\textcopyright} 2013
 anonymous communication
 we have developed a prototype mobile application called imReporter
 this traditional degree centrality approach regards only the presence or absence of links. Here
 insofar as they existed within heavily state-managed spaces
 deriving from the notion that history should not be regarded as true and unambiguous. The objective of this study is to discern the variety of representations of HT in Estonia
cited By 2
 J"
 a transitional democracy with a highly partisan media environment. The results showed that although reading more newspapers is positively related to nominal agenda diversity and thematic agenda diversity
 late-modern digital age as a quest for meaning
 and thus make it suitable to protect the media from group colluding attacks. Firstly
 media (is it new?)
 a more comprehensive understanding of the role of the media for integration purposes and a diversification of measures
 and (5) a high use of staged media activities. It is hypothesized that MPs of the pole parties engage more in audience-oriented activities than MPs of the center-right parties
 and the state of modern tools. In this paper we present the findings from in-depth interviews with these DART developers and other AR experts. Their reflections provide insights on how to successfully engage non-technologists with new media and the challenges they face during authoring
"Takahashi
 because of the diversity of the mobile users
"Li
 and being held to mediate
 including their asymmetry and their inability to integrate rich
 the goal of this operation is to identify the owner and protect his intellectual property. Digital watermarking has been proposed as a solution to solving the problem by introducing invisible data (watermark) into original image. In this paper
 play an important role in network selection. In this paper
cited By 15
"Mahajan
 it finds little evidence of greater online homogeneity in any country. U.S. news outlets are more differentiated online than in print
 to infer relevant aspects. Our model is learned using an EM algorithm that uses automatically generated noisy labels
 two informative pattern extraction algorithms are proposed in the second stage. As most training data are eliminated and only the more informative samples remain
 the lossless coder that generates minimum bit-rate (R) is chosen as the optimal lossless coder. Finally
 we compare their delivery ratio
 PMI with word2vec which is based on different types of neural networks. Secondly
 have attracted millions of socially interacting users. However there is currently scarce research investigating optimum design criteria of 3D virtual spaces for ubiquitous computing and best adaptation to user needs inside these virtual environments. This study aims to bridge this gap in research by proposing a methodology for deriving guidelines for alignment of user behavioural patterns inside 3D virtual worlds with best design principles
 administrators
 scalable and interoperable way. In this paper
 in so doing
 2005; Raman et al. in ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA)
 but it does the fastest. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 before fixing our focus on public service broadcasting in the ‘local' context and the changing broadcasting landscape in Ireland. We then move to our empirical-level study which examines the MEDIVA findings regarding the roles and representations of Third Country Nationals in the context of RTE and TV3
 Estonian
 recognizing influences of both endogenous and foreign cultures accumulated throughout the modernization process. These layers hence embrace a spectrum that links the endogenous cultural foundations of writing and reading (in this case those nurtured in Japan) with the surface level layers that are constituted by ‘universalistic' (or global) standards of journalism. As a result of testing the case of Japan
 we demonstrate that it is even possible to beat the quality of JPEG 2000 with EED if one uses specific subdivisions on rectangles and several important optimisations. These amendments include improved entropy coding
 but also by locating boundaries established by a white perspective. Findings indicate that three pedagogical strategies encouraged students to generate news stories delimited by predominantly white experiences and that the pedagogy and material used to teach about racial diversity mirrors many of the subversive discursive strategies whites use to engage conversations about race-individualism
 radio
 recasts the Al Qaeda narrative by hybridizing it with other cultural backgrounds and political symbols. {\textcopyright} 2014 Copyright Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 a decline in prejudice
 Twitter and LyricWiki
 F and Apostolou
"Graells-Garrido
 and the results show that it is an effective method for solving the group manufacturing problem in shipbuilding activities. {\textcopyright} 2013
 K L"
 but to a lesser extent. Our findings suggest strategies both for users (e.g.
 have caused the complexity of management of their risk to increase. The problem is even more intense when it comes to educational software. At this instant
 considering social support as a buffer against potential negative outcomes for children. This
 H. Mohamed {\&} S. Marchand-Maillet."
 composing the entity resource meta-model or changing the resource
 which in turn formed a civil society in opposition to Habsburg absolutism. Yet when the casino movement spread to Hungary's minority nationalities
"Esmaeili
 ignored the racial/ethnic diversity in Latinos' neighbourhoods and networks
 but is at risk of decreasing design exploration ability if the core becomes too heavily clustered or loses efficiency. We discuss possible interventions that can prevent this outcome: encouraging core members to collaborate with periphery nodes
 ranging from linked Web data to Semantic Web and social networks. In all these application scenarios
 social networks are more error prone and bandwidth consumer sources. In this study
 information management-centered e-Government
 enabling us to reduce the graph by 90{\%} in some cases without much loss of information. Finally we also show how our method can help in diverse applications like influence maximization and detecting patterns of propagation at the level of automatically created groups on real cascade data. {\textcopyright} 2014 ACM."
 we found that the Top Members demonstrated more openness to experience than the Other practitioners. Additionally
 temporal) data over an underlying (static) ontology. There have been many existing reasoning systems (or newly proposed) trying to cope with the problems of stream reasoning but there is yet no standard to measure the performance and scalability of such systems. This paper proposes a benchmarking system
 all the data generated by the devices are considered as updates of the devices and the dissemination of the update is based on the social relationship among the devices. Our system
 being shaped by and in turn shaping social and organizational structures. In established and institutionalized organizations new communication technology can reinforce existing ways of conduct
 less economic resources and stability
 local gender norms conflict with some of the member's behaviors
 religious affiliation
 we propose an enhanced collaborative filtering approach (ECF) by adding item popularity control into a user-taste based method. Different from some other existing item popularity based CF methods
 the result diversification is becoming a common practice to enhance the quality of the search results. Motived by the above facts
 the bit rate can be saved and the video quality won't sacrifice too much. Accordingly
 Iraqi and Maghrebi. We scraped newspaper websites for user commentary and Twitter for two distinct types of dialectal content. To the best of the authors' knowledge
 this paper examines the role of online media in the construction of a queer movement. The article argues that the process of connectivity facilitated by online spaces creates nodes of identification
 C and Lagrange
 picture quality improved
 that are not general. In this paper
cited By 2
 called QASPA
 the goal of this operation is to identify the owner and protect his intellectual property. Digital watermarking has been proposed as a solution to solving the copyright problem by introducing invisible data (watermark) into original image. In this paper
 which is similar to image or video hashing. This paper presents a vector data hashing method based on the polyline curvature for design drawings and digital maps. Our hashing method extracts the feature values by projecting the polyline curvatures
 where H(S
 and of the channel coding theorem
 viewpoint and image resolutions of different cameras
 G and Stepanyan
 we use the sum of pixels which are located after that pixel. The algorithm uses different summations when encrypting different input images (even with the same sequence based on hyper-chaotic system). This
 we utilize the entropy in information theory to measure and quantify the ambiguities of different matchers and calculate the best times for users to participate. An interactive integration environment is developed based on our approach with operator recommendation capability to support on-demand data integration. Experiments show that Mashroom+ approach can achieve good balance between high correctness of matching results and low user burden with real data. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 gives us a new model called Perplexity-based Evidential Neural Network (PENN). Secondly
 it is crucial to study the global image of different countries. Using linguistic tools
 and urban township children encounter and engage with digital resources at home. Drawing on an understanding of new media as placed resources which operate in specific ways in particular contexts
 independent of current Internet-based IGMP protocols and the multicast address; (2) our prototype could sliced multicast trees in the substrate network in accordance to different embedded multicast algorithms; (3) the last hop translation is proposed in access switches to guarantee the multicast flow to be forwarded through the calculated multicast tree and be consumed in end points. Simulation experiments evaluate these performances. And two applications (namely
 while also promoting advanced digital skills
"Sharma
 and employers. The perspective of students are recognized as valuable
 ‘youth language' was attached to a negative stance towards school values and to educational underachievement
 but it will require our community to make a convincing argument that technologies in education are not simply delivery media
 it is a major challenge for the access of learning content by the desired devices in the e- learning environment to user's satisfaction in terms of QoS demands. In order to alleviate the challenge of learning content mismatch
 we aim to automatically extract the sentiments or opinions conveyed by users from Bangla microblog posts and then identify the overall polarity of texts as either negative or positive. We use a semi-supervised bootstrapping approach for the development of the training corpus which avoids the need for labor intensive manual annotation. For classification
 devices
 Britain and South Africa. While suggestions in Britain and Australia favoured an inclusive approach to the regulation of print and online journalism
 internal pluralism in both conservative and opposition papers declined in terms of voice given to respective parties and tone of news coverage. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2014."
 the course content and delivery is personalized. This study follows the emerging research in Social Network Analysis (SNA) techniques. More specifically
 the authors identified a purposive sample of 14 successful African American student affairs administrators-4 women and 10 men-from predominantly White institutions. Length of experience in the field ranged from 5 to 27 years. Long semistructured interviews were conducted with the research participants. Data were coded to the conceptual framework with a phenomenological approach used to account for unanticipated and emerging issues. Findings for adjustment issues/enablers included the importance of mentoring relationships
 understood as interactions (competition
 family and caregivers along with clinicians and other care resources to collaboratively coordinate chemotherapy. This paper reports on the development of a prototype 'personal health network' (PHN) using social networking technology to support patient-centered chemotherapy care coordination in a comprehensive cancer center. Requirements for the prototype were generated by analyzing two frameworks
 12.6 percent) reported fear of domestic violence (FDV). Correlational analysis indicated different correlates for fear of common crime (FCC) and FDV. Female gender
 for teaching mathematics and science
 nationality
 which the Northern social and economic actors consider to be a reinforcement to the already existent distributive inequities. It is not just about the sum involved but also about the opportunity costs
 shaping public knowledge and facilitating public scrutiny of the justice system. In the UK
 we tackle these challenges in the context of quorum-based systems (e.g. Amazon Dynamo
 teachers and contributors. MOODs also come with unique community-building and ethical challenges. We describe the benefits and challenges of MOODs in relation to Errordiary.org
"" including limiting their number of posts and censoring content that might spoil the show for others. Over time
 we tackle these challenges in the context of quorum-based systems (e.g. Amazon Dynamo
 digital compass etc.) can be continuously acquired in conjunction with the captured video stream without any difficulty. Thus
 as much as double)
 our new metric takes into account the chrominance information rather than the luminance information utilized in conventional video quality assessment. Our perceptual quaternion model employs singular value decomposition (SVD) and utilizes the human visual psychological features for SVD block weighting to better reflect perceptual focus and interest. Our major contributions include: a new perceptual quaternion that takes chrominance as one spatial feature
 simplicity's inverse
 the dual formulation has a simple nonlinear constrained optimization structure
"Lu
cited By 0
"Torrecilha
cited By 9
 then we should be concerned about both the size of the population and the way cognitive diversity is distributed within it. Given the realities of party politics and media framing
 or ""natural"" methods (among the most disadvantaged). New social inequalities in contraceptive use appeared. The 2013 debate contributed to a diversification of contraceptive practices
cited By 0
 grounded on the existence of inconsistencies and on quasi-truth. Here
 they articulate maisha mtaani [life in the neighbourhood] as complex
 given the moniker Face toFace
 and re-articulation of indigenous traditions. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 extract their categories
cited By 1
 the researcher attempts to interpret the advantages while ignoring the drawbacks from those mentioned countries' codes for the purpose of developing a code of ethics to guide journalists to run their duty with universal values in the journalism practicing industry. {\textcopyright} 2014. Jurnal Komunikasi. All rights received."
 Mexico. It performed a cluster analysis (K-Means Clusters). The results indicate that advanced use profiles relate to a higher percentage of educational use assigned to the smartphones
 social
 ethnic differences were downplayed or erased. Storylines were underpinned by the assimilation of inter-ethnic couples - in all their diversity - into the (white) mainstream. {\textcopyright} 2014 {\textcopyright} 2014 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 audience configuration and advertising sales figures. The objective of this article is to analyse the causes of these mergers
 it is also suggested that what is termed cultural working memory improves our understanding of the remembering and forgetting of actual celebrities
 an environment that enables them to create
 the proposed method does not process photos individually but as a whole
 a content analysis guided by frame theory is used to examine the ways in which Chatelaine frames information pertaining to women's health from 1928 to 2010. Findings demonstrate Chatelaine's growth in women's health content
 application diversifies
 we facilitate direct and ubiquitous mobile multimedia sensing and interaction in 802.11 and 802.15.4 within the unrestricted physical context of mobile devices. Removing the need for Internet services or wireless networks
 two moral issues recently addressed by Vogue itself. We present a content analysis of Vogue and media coverage of Vogue in China
 which in turn was associated with children's better adjustment. Furthermore
 someone who espouses national ideals which are couched in terms of empire
 the author argues that Chinese artists are adopting diversified media forms and artistic/design characteristics as timeless fantasies within the context of crude economic expansionism
 preservation of artistic creations
 but the metropolitan areas of Beijing and Shanghai are (with Tianjin and Chongqing) most pronounced at the next-lower administrative level of (339) prefectures
 which has been of considerable concern for transgender and gender nonconforming communities but remains underexplored in social and health research. Results suggest that experience
 too
 and how this is affected by the conditions of their contacts. Software Engineers commitment power and psychological contract elements have been measured by a webbased questionnaire
 they are of great value in digital forensics. This paper outlines test-driven forensic analysis for Mappy location records and shows how these can be recovered
cited By 6
 Harakah visually portrayed PAS as a political party that honoured pluralism
 they also yield insight into how to adapt MACs to changing traffics in a distributed way. Although the framework focuses on single-hop traffic patterns
 the length of the secret share to be stored by each player grows linearly with ℓ (when keeping all other parameters fixed). Multi-secret sharing schemes have been studied by the cryptographic community mostly from a theoretical perspective: different models and definitions have been proposed
 i.e. the consistency of the reconstructed global shape with the true object shape; and (ii) part uniqueness quantifies the ambiguity of matching the part to the object
cited By 5
"Jia
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 administration
cited By 3
 engineering
 yet. In this paper
 meanin-g
 came to focus on the ‘soft' policing of young men with various immigrant backgrounds. A set of street-level safety practices
cited By 3
"Mezentceva
 and offer thoughts about how to work with and against them to enact a more just and compelling science education. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 multi-robot surveillance or swarm robotics. Moreover
 family
 complicated
 it has inspired debates about its goals
cited By 0
"Prakash
 the study finally concludes that sample markets provide very limited scope of asset allocation and risk diversification. {\textcopyright} 2014
 action research
 but as a response to external social norms. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2014."
"Martin
 F and Comeau
"Guthrie
 and the feedback construction itself as an event in a psychic system. Although feedback is described as an internal
 the photographic point of view is too narrow to grasp all the aesthetic consequences of the described artistic postmodern conditions. As a conclusion
"Brantlinger
"Camps
 the essay concludes with suggestive comments on how these challenges might best be approached. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and Court Procedures. The recommendations for change are neither expensive nor complicated; rather
cited By 1
 {\textcopyright} 2014 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 C"
cited By 1
"Sun
 patterns of reciprocity and influence are examined. Finally
 M C and Ruiz-Vega
 Rayleigh and Exponential distributionsThis expression is useful to quantify the performance improvement of the ED with SC diversity reception. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we discuss the definitional clarity of homohysteria. Next
 thus reducing possibilities for the development of a critical
 and competition issues. Design/methodology/approach: This article is based on an extensive set of research initiated by the EC JRC IPTS on the ""Statistical
 to disseminate research outcomes and findings through scholarly publications
 racial awareness workshops
cited By 3
 is that pluralities outnumber particulars: that is
 science education reform approaches
 analysis
 group awareness
 appeared only in German. His fascination with German society was founded in his admiration for German culture and language and for such diverse figures as Thomas Mann and Sigmund Freud
 we offer how these critical topics such as curriculum and issues of assessment inform the transformative agenda of educational policy. {\textcopyright} 2014 International Reading Association."
 (b) cultural pride and appreciation
 knowledge building and knowledge creation. This paper analyses certain features of the 21st century such as the knowledge economy
 in our proposed framework
 including update frequency
 classify freshmen into latent classes
 we suggest several approaches to estimate language models for a news story and blog posts
 governmental white papers
 to the extent that they find it increasingly difficult to distinguish relationships that exist in their pockets from those that exist in their physical surroundings. While the participants acknowledged the diverse and participatory capacity of mobile devices
 which show that the second order model provides a good match to the measured data. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 and adapts to traffic demands without explicitly knowing the arrival rates. However
 Tenengrad and Laplacian) when used for electromagnetic wave speed estimation for BMR imaging scenarios. The simulations were done varying the permittivity of the targets and the speed propagation of the wave in the medium. It demonstrated that the use of image quality metrics is a viable tool for BMR electromagnetic wave speed estimation. {\textcopyright} 2014 European Association on Antennas and Propagation."
 Maximum Entropy
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 in order to satisfy the quality of service of overlapping BSS users
 organic engagement methods engage publics in the places where they already exist and through those discourses and social practices by which they enact their status as publics. Such engagements can generate practical middle-range theories that facilitate future actions and decisions that are attentive to the local ecologies of diverse publics. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2013."
 we propose a new route metric - multi-channel expected anypath transmission time (MEATT)
 connectivist Massive Open Online Courses (c-MOOCs) have made a large impact in online education since 2008. Ideally a great part of c-MOOC participants should share
 intends to study the place of the Ahmadiyya in the context of religious pluralism in Indonesia by answering the following questions: Why was the treatment of the Ahmadis in recent years by Muslims more vitriolic than their treatment of non-Muslims? What is the nature and quality of life for people who have been excluded from a 'normal' religious identity in a time when religious attachment is a necessary fact for that society? Why did the attacks on the Ahmadiyya occur in the present regime
 which convert traditional recommendation algorithms into group recommendation algorithms
 we propose a multihop energy-balanced routing mechanism for clustered WSNs (C-EBR) with a novel cost metric. Finally
 i.e. perception of error existence
 receive modes
 we perform a comparison between the performances of PB-LS with other approaches drawn from the scientific literature. Results demonstrate that PB-LS is able to produce statistically significantly higher quality solutions
 TOPSIS and GRA provide almost similar performance. SAW is very simple to implement but probability of error is less in GRA because values of decision attribute are directly used for ranking of alternatives. TOPSIS is sensitive to the attribute with high score. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 2
 and animation) support visitors' knowledge of a commonly misunderstood scientific concept
 of different shadowing conditions and more generally of the satellite links elevation angles
 support staff
 has confused the public
 online discussion forums and mainstream media. The remembrance encouraged the disclosure of hidden memories
 Korean Christians
 Stage 6 involved the employment of a computer-supported cooperative work approach - explicitly the application of a time/space matrix in addition to a cooperative work framework to e-learning - thus visualising the characteristics and dimension of time in e-learning processes
 CRMT provides student access
 there is a lack of integrated and open methodologies that could involve all the optional KSOs. In this sense
 I examine a series of advertisements that feature David Beckham to illustrate how he represents a range of masculinities. From this
 all but disappears with the decline of the Atlantic trade on the river. It is argued that the greater variety observed in ceramic manufacture during the height of the Atlantic trade is related to social practices of display associated with food. This is accomplished through a comparison of everyday and special events composed of displays of food and wealth across ethnic boundaries. These are indicative of different traditions of consumption and discard rather than signaling ethnic differentiation. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 we propose an adaptation technique based on the reuse of manufacturers' SDKs (Software Development Kits) to create multi-user prototype applications. In general
 which feature elements of fantasy or magical realism. Nevertheless
 the overview that follows does not seek to be globally representative
 B and Jones
 optimal power and rate adaptation policy provides the best results. All adaptation policies suffer no improvement in channel capacity as the branch correlation is increased. This fact is verified using various plots for different policies. With increase in branch correlation
cited By 0
 coevolutionary competitive and cooperative operation is designed to enhance the uniformity and the diversity of the solutions. In comparison with NSGA-II
 that our understanding of what ICT has to offer for the design and implementation of transformative learning activities is a far more complex issue than is often anticipated
 we evaluate our algorithm via crowdsourcing using Amazon Mechanical Turk. In our experiments
 hence other characteristics of higher education systems seem to be of more relevance. Higher education diversification and better affordability of higher education system seems to predict lower level of institutional barriers for adult learners
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we compared reading times of sentences containing overt and null pronouns referring to singular or plural entities. Plural null pronouns were read faster than their singular counterparts in conjoined conditions. Plural overt pronouns were read more slowly than their null counterparts both in single and conjoined conditions. We explain our findings in a framework based on the notion of balance between processing cost and discourse function in line with the Informational Load Hypothesis. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and participated in videotaped collaborative reflections. Data collection for the study involved the student teachers' responses to reflective questions
"Madain
"Chen
 it explores the interconnectivity among resources that build organisational capacity to deliver social supports in the rural context
 portrays diverse topics as they relate to her country such as education
 replay attacks
 because it provides the FUs with different data fetching sizes and protects their locality in memory access by intelligently interleaving their data to memory devices through sub-rank binding. Moreover
 which can be used to capture the interference relation among links. We formulated the multi-commodity flow problem for network capacity using linear programming
 Martinelli and Turovski 2011)
 political and security operations are evaluated. Whether a mutually beneficial relationship with South Africa is replacing the prior hegemonic pattern is questioned
 flash component
 self-assessed needs
"{El Ayadi}
cited By 3
 and (e) quality service. There were differences in the relative importance of these five possible contributions to the institution
 and two program coordinators of an adult education program
 I offer a picture of memory as an integral part of a larger system that supports not only thinking of what was the case and what potentially could be the case
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 outputs
202 were observed in the plural. Survival analyses indicated that the chance of observing a plural form increases with the imageability rating of the noun
 we discovered that the systems featuring NC had lower outage probability and greater diversity gain
 has appeared in a handful of independently produced Korean films
cited By 2
 and Inhibition Control that was similar to the structure found by Meda et al. (Behav Pharmacol 20(5-6):390-399
 the diversified positioning of television sets at home
 Ireland and the UK by researchers with backgrounds in business management
"Mentzer
 and having children and grandchildren. Differences were evident for the number of children and grandchildren
400 mothers)
 Teubner proposes integrating the supposed reductive image of formal justice described by Luhmann with the ideal conception of justice presented by Derrida. Here this kind of attempt is rejected as epistemologically wrong. In addition
 relay and destination nodes. In this paper
 (b) AAE dialect characteristics and importance
 which are powerful decision making machines
cited By 3
 we propose a bi-population hybrid collaborative model of Crowding-based Differential Evolution (CDE) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) for Dynamic Optimization Problems (DOPs). In our approach
 the scripting of the 'riots' around narratives of community crisis and redemption belies the sifting
 which is insensitive to multiple language characters and multiple text alignments. Based on our analysis
 part-whole asymmetry
 systemizing and competitiveness are prevalent among male and female employees within same the professional occupation—but not always. In some professions
 comparing some aspects of Altshuler's proposal to Arregui et al. (2014). Together
 we design a multi-task learning framework to jointly optimize the classifiers for both sides. The general Schatten {\$}{\$}p{\$} {\$} p -norm is exerted on the two classifiers to explore the shared knowledge between them. In this way
 practitioner research foregrounds the authenticity of school and classroom contexts and puts them under scrutiny as a means of informing strategic decisions. Utilising a case study design
 I found that Mikhail Bakhtin's dialogism
 I provide direct counterpoints to three of the six characteristics of heterosexual men McCormack and Anderson (2014) draw upon as evidence of their argument and apply them to the gendered experiences of heterosexual women. These are: (1) social inclusion of lesbian and bisexual women peers
 which relate to increasing student participation and engagement; increasing curricula access and the language of instruction; increasing staff intercultural understanding; increasing opportunities for deep learning for all; on-going monitoring of student satisfaction; increasing opportunities to achieve; diversification of assessment; and the merit of Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCS). It calls for new research on global learning cultures; reviews of global assessment and promising pedagogical practices and processes. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 modulation orders
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 such as VMs failures
 how does a mixed method design allow researchers to learn more about the behaviour
 I use Mar{\'{i}}a Lugones' ‘world-travelling' as a framework for discussing international and New Zealand women students' reflections on teaching
cited By 2
 including not only omniscient ones but also those whose information is not closed under logical consequence and those whose reasoning abilities are not complete. In the second part
 as well as shifts in membership composition which had led to a predominance of student members and a shrinking proportion of faculty members from doctoral-granting institutions. The changes were intended to increase the overall quality of presentations (and reestablish PSA's reputation as a venue for disciplinary leading research) while retaining the programmatic diversity and culture of inclusion so valued by PSA members. Assessment of annual member survey data suggests that members across all membership components evaluated the changes positively. Specific patterns suggest that while the creation of research-in-progress sessions was seen as an inclusionary change
 overseas students etc. {\textcopyright} 2014 International Information Institute."
 while requiring exactly the same amount of measurements of the single view one. {\textcopyright} 2014 European Association on Antennas and Propagation."
429 visits with 264 different mobile devices from 146 territories. Moreover
 and absence. In comparison to using an ontology to enhance concept detection
 to advocate for issues that affect racial/ethnic minorities
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 conducted in a large
 but also portray language policy resistance and transformation through the voice of indigenous/minority youth. Drawing on two different historical and socio-political contexts
 and leisure cyclists. The cycling frequencies of each group respond differently to potential interventions and vary within commuting rate ranges with apparent minima and maxima. Building a network adapted to different cyclist types and emphasizing its convenience
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we propose an accurate audio matching algorithm based on spectral coherence and efficient implementation techniques that exploit the inherent parallelism in the algorithm. To verify the plausibility of the framework and the effectiveness of the audio matching algorithm
 based on framework standards of financial transaction detection and response
 H.-C."
 (ii) generate recommendations pertaining to users' (articles included in their) profiles
 and purity concerns is attributable to higher levels of authoritarianism
 and self-adaptive clear duplicate operator. The improved migration operator simultaneously adopts more information from other habitats
 CTA-PSO supports applications described by both convex and non-convex utility functions. The multimedia resource allocation solution presented in this article provides a practical solution for real-time wireless networks. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 third or generally the n th best relay. We derive closed-form expression for the outage probability using the probability density function and moment generating function of the signal-to-noise ratio of the relayed signal at the destination node. Results show that with the n th best relay the diversity order is equal to (m - n + 2) where m is the number of relays. Simulation results are also given to verify the analytical results. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
cited By 0
 and teacher preparation
 tend to be more positive about the quality and objectivity of statistics
 and men to be perceived as more competent than women. Research on implicit measurement of stereotypes suggests that
 to show how these activities shape and are shaped by the relationship that workers have with their time and sense of professional self. This argument is made through research of professionals at a municipal council in Sydney and at a global telecommunications firm with regional headquarters in Melbourne
 this case study explores an urban district experiencing population growth and change and several different manifestations of school choice. Analyses indicate that levels of black-white elementary school segregation have risen rapidly over the past two decades
 resulting in fun and enjoyment. It also promoted students' active involvement and fostered the collaboration that leads to developing multiple perspectives. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and the intensifying difficulties of centralized control
 especially in the capital
 the study of the choice between marriage and cohabitation as first union is of great significance. Is it possible to identify a shared pattern of union formation in Mediterranean countries like Italy and Spain? The purpose of this paper is to examine the choice between cohabitation and marriage as first union (timing
 but some authors have argued that solutions of this kind are not completely adequate because they do not look at the heart of the matter: the actions that allow the agent to reach such omniscient state. Recent works have explored how acts of observation
 middle school students attending all-girls (n = 398) and coeducational (n = 191) schools
 threatening to undermine the authority of traditional religious figures. New Muslim intellectuals have emerged who
 or improvement
 and parameter estimation is presented. We then extract statistical attributes from the flow signal to describe the location of the scene changes. We also employ clustering and dominant shape of vectors to increase the descriptiveness. Once a database of nodes (where a node is a detected scene change) and their corresponding flow features is created
cited By 9
 integrity
 we provide several numerical simulations with typical parameters
 a candidate is selected from the set of potential forwarders based on a local optimization. The optimization procedure considers the statistical effect of local link quality fluctuation and interference over the global routing path selection. This way the SelG protocol reduces the control packet flooding in the network (a major drawback for reactive protocols). At the same time
 including pre-migration political
 the goal of the current study was to examine the impact of diversity climate on the experience of interpersonal conflict in women. Additionally
 through lack of choice
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 proper language is a purely political idea
 and Chemistry Attitudes and Experiences Questionnaire. Significant increases in the SSSTs' conceptions of environmental chemistry concepts/issues
 as well as between the prices of arms and ammunition in Lebanon and reported conflict fatalities in neighbouring Syria. These findings highlight the value of monitoring illicit arms market prices
 this paper illustrates that conscientious individuals and civil society invoke the discourse of citizenship and constitutional rights to counter the dominant politics of race perpetuated by the National Front (Barisan Nasional).They actively assume or perform ""acts of citizenship"" (Isin and Nielsen
 I argue
 in a cultural semiotic perspective
 highlighting the importance of private feasts in attempts to build political influence in the domestic zones of Dahomean royal palaces. In particular
 we obtain a relative word error rate reduction of 17–26 {\%} by applying the proposed techniques. These methods also result in a dimensionality reduction of the feature vectors allowing for a more compact set of acoustic models in the phoneme space
 what men like (19 {\%})
 pricing plays an important role in achieving load balancing in the EPS. This paper proposes an access-aware pricing strategy for the EPS to achieve load balancing between 3GPP and non-3GPP access networks and to maximize revenue generation for network operators. In addition
 a grouping-based multipath selection (GMS) mechanism is introduced and developed. However
 H and Santoso
 boundaries
 and the opportunity to travel. Alongside these
 among other intellectuals
 children's brokering constitutes an important
 so we allocate subcarrier and power separately. We proposed cooperative proportional subcarrier allocation strategy to achieve tradeoff between throughput and fairness and iterative power (IP) allocation strategy to fully utilize the limited power. Simulation results show that system performance of the schemes with cooperation is significantly enhanced compared with that without cooperation and the schemes with IP remarkably outperform that without. {\textcopyright} 2014
 rather than a relative one. {\textcopyright} 2014
 and the United States – of a single religious tradition
 we propose the Enhanced Media Coordinate System for DTN to the architecture in order to provide the Data Triage
 to test out the effect of using Slicepedia
 and social interaction. BeWell promotes improved behavioral patterns via feedback rendered as an ambient display on the smartphone's wallpaper. With BeWell+
 poverty
 this paper attempts to conceptually reconsider what language/culture and translanguaging/transcultural flows mean in secondary content area classrooms. By examining how teachers organize their practices and comparing these practices with state expectations in the area of content and language knowledge
 we allocate the FEC packets according to the 'loss-free' bandwidth of each wireless network to the multihomed client. Second
 I argue that the restriction on wa in relative clauses is a result of the clash between two distinct notions of ‘predication'; the general understanding of the term relevant to the predicate abstraction process in a relative clause and Kuroda's notion of predication
 a trial marriage
 nor to offer solutions to the myriad challenges facing Muslims in majority and minority Muslim countries. As will be evidenced in the diverse offering of this compilation
 the argument of primary interest is that information so construed is intrinsically semantic on a reductionist and non-alethic basis where semantic content is constituted by indication along causal pathways. Similar arguments have been presented by philosophers with respect to representation. I suggest the conception of information that I present is correct by the lights of the best applied mathematical and scientific theories of information. If so
 there has been a growing demand for faculty to have high levels of scholarly productivity
 frequency of family contact) correlates of the patterns of extended family networks. Family closeness and contact
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 libraries can support greater diversity of expression and create spaces for marginalized discourses. Practical implications – This paper offers suggestions for applying principles of participatory culture to the design of library services such as collection development
 liberal legitimacy under conditions of pluralism even when citizens fail to agree fully about either the premises of or conclusions to their political arguments. {\textcopyright} 2014
 where m is a positive integer. In particular
cited By 1
 and somatization above the effects of self-concealment
 ecology
 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 have supposedly won these people's support by framing urban-based political elites as ammart (aristocrats) who have stakes in suppressing the needs of phrai (serfs) - a contrasting label for the rural-born poor. I question this analysis that highlights the polarisation of Thai society along class lines. Combining data from election results and fieldwork in Chiang Mai Province - Thaksin's birthplace and the putative redshirt heartland - I show that despite their relative poverty
 epistemological considerations of the phenomena of pitch and harmony played a major role and acted as a sensually accessible
 along with a review of literature
 blaming the poor for their condition. At the country or macro level
 race
 rejecting Putnam's hunkering down hypothesis and ethnic competition theory. Instead
 we manually collect images from Web pages
 and socialise students into active civic engagement. This paper discusses four central tasks of schooling and examines to what extent societal developments challenge education policy to deliver on the tasks at hand. Particular attention is given to the challenges Europe's strongly diversified educational systems are currently facing. Both the Netherlands and Germany
 under a multi-objective Pareto domination assessment scheme. Results here show that the substitution does not improve significantly the system performance
 humanoids
cited By 1
 we design a VCPS and MCC Integration Architecture (VCMIA)
 although about 20 {\%} of the class would have preferred more lecturing and fewer online resources. Statistical finding showed that more active online resources
"Kumar
 moving from attending primarily to teacher moves (and merely describing what they saw) to becoming aware of significant interactions (and interpreting effects of these interactions on learning). Implications for teacher educators interested in designing and enacting activities to support noticing are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 we propose a new hybrid scoring function called MC based on a linear combination of a greedy property make and a diversification property ConfTimes
"Tawil
 their implementations are largely independent
 femme and feeling
 plays a significant role in our understanding of how White women develop a positive White identity. Results highlight the intersection of race and gender in college student development and have potential implications for administrative responses to student adjustment in increasingly diverse college environments. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 in which governmental rationality and problematization of cultural policy were directly presented. This refers to verbatim reports and party congresses' materials. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
"McMahon
 2 {\%} other race/ethnicity)
 which worked to resolve some of the contradictions inherent in the 'television professor' at this time. Baxter1s career supplements existing historical work on early television stardom and performance
 is even less researched. Drawing on data from document analysis and interviews
 and as a matter of identity. The state has an interest in homogenizing the linguistic repertoires of its members to a degree sufficient to achieve the functions that states must by their very nature serve. To the extent that it views itself as just
 conditionals with right-dislocated if-clauses
 and attempts to outline the gradual processes by which L'viv's Polish and Jewish pasts might become more widely integrated into the city's memory culture. {\textcopyright} 2014 {\textcopyright} 2014 Association for the Study of Nationalities."
 eliminate Inter symbol interference (ISI) and robustness against frequency selective fading. In this paper
 and focuses on trust strategies applicable to different situations. The findings reveal that trust is a dyadic relationship in which how the trustee demonstrates his or her trustworthiness to gain trust and how the trustor decides to trust are likely to be affected not only by personal choices based on prior knowledge and experiences but also the external social and cultural norms of the society. The findings advance the existing knowledge of trust conceptualization and extend its applicability to broader Chinese societies. They have implications for strategies for relationship and trust-building for Westerners as they engage in global socio-economic discourse with Chinese. {\textcopyright} 2014 The Centre for Chinese Media and Comparative Communication Research
 a larger family is more likely to participate in migration. These findings are consistent with the argument that migration is a joint family decision. Third
 they assume that only educated and literate audiences possess interest or capacity to engage scholarly knowledge of the social world. Advances in audiovisual technologies
 when adolescents interacted with more same-ethnic others
 experience
 same-sex parent and multiple-birth. Members of the research team interviewed the families in their homes and administered the assessment instruments (Development History
 (2) beginning instruction in scholarly publication earlier and continuing it across all stages of the program
 this paper applies the repeated public goods game model to P2P systems. By adopting an interactive self-learning mechanism
 to maximize the degree of access parallelism
cited By 6
cited By 16
 it often continues to be assumed as valid. In this paper
 realistic channel model and experimental study are essential to exhibit realistic performance benchmarks. Theoretical analyzes
 and peers are plentiful. Yet the lived-experience of obese adolescent girls has rarely been reported in scientific literature. The purpose of this study was to explore the lived-experience of the obese adolescent female and understand the impact of the messages received. A descriptive phenomenological approach was used to conduct face-to-face interviews with eight adolescent girls
 the main sources of identity are the Persian language
 and spatial layout. Next
 and another exploring the practices and structures that a social movement promoting information justice might pursue. {\textcopyright} 2014
 we discuss our approach to classify sentences in terms of emotional valence. Our supervised system performs syntactic and semantic analysis for feature extraction. Our system processes the interactions between words in sentences using dependency parse trees
 resolves topic sentiment analysis in news into three progressive sub-problem
 scheduling and ARQ to provide relevant gains (e.g.
 times
 the equilibrium stability is investigated with stochastic process theory. Simulation results show that the proposed approach significantly improves the network throughput and delay performance without sacrificing energy efficiency compared to the conventional slotted-Aloha scheme. In particular
 in order to improve the transmission reliability of safety messages. In CCB-MAC
 wireless devices with a single antenna can effectively form a virtual array of antennas by sharing each other's' antennas in a multiuser environment. To facilitate cooperative communication in the data link layer requires a great deal of attention. In designing a cooperative MAC
 if the productivity of human language is considered as not rigidly bound
cited By 5
 based on which each user can get its own sensing order. For the centralized scenario
 not to mention that applications may demand heterogeneous QoS optimizations across different paths. The availability of multiple channels in advanced WMNs however sheds new lights into this problem. In this paper
 these positive feelings characterized Jewish students to a larger extent than Arab students
 community
 and even the more recent sustainable HCI
RM. The system operates in three modes: simultaneous sharing (SimS) mode
 63.9 {\%} non-Hispanic White
 we tested the convergent and concurrent validity of the WPS-M factors through associations with the theoretically related constructs of body satisfaction
 weather forecast
 temporal contiguity and revisitation) and five variables indexing three dimensions of students' speaking (discursiveness
 heterogeneous processors can perform direct communication with each other and run in stand-alone mode with shared intra-server resources. We design the proposed fabric by extending the de-facto system I/O bus protocol PCIe (Peripheral Computer Interconnect Express) and implement it with a single chip cZodiac. By making full use of PCIe's original advantages
 a simple focus on modern retail does not adequately capture complexity of the African food desert. In the African context
 self-expression and emotion release
 thus highlighting the need for more rigorous
 and value co-production process for a computerized CSS. DesignStorming demonstrates how a CSS can be automated the interactive communications and problem solving processes during the music content creation work. The CSS application involves the three system components: 1) Ontology Developer
 graduation rate
 attitudes
 one finds a wide variety of science instructional approaches. In South Africa
 we propose an edge node based on a greedy cooperative routing (ENBGCR) algorithm
 age of acquisition
 which is limited to superficial data analysis. However
 Open NAND Flash Memory (ONFI)
 perceived sexual orientation and weight. They were also asked whether they had been bullied or assaulted for these attributes. A total of 965 (78 {\%}) students contributed to the LCA analytic sample (45 {\%} Non-Hispanic Black
 in view of the selection cooperation (SC) rule could help users achieve cooperation diversity with minimum network overhead
 we provide analytical results on the diversity gain and the coding gain. The results also encompass most of the existing results as special cases. We further show the relationship between the diversity order of a branch and those of the constituent links; and the relationship between the diversity order of the network and those of the constituent branches. In particular
 different levels of Internet usage
 who have had early disruption to parental caregiving arrangements. Additionally
cited By 0
 obtaining complementary advantages. In the optimization process of the Co-ABC algorithm
cited By 18
 the optimal scheduler that maximizes the V-BLAST capacity is derived and analyzed. In addition
 an electronic panel positioned in public areas and usable even by semi/illiterate audiences was conceived to do the task. Convers[t]ation is designed to be accessible to a diverse audience in the Indian context; enabled by its simple input mechanism and comprehensive media of presentation. Discussions about the panel and its development are used to illustrate an interdisciplinary
 perceived higher discrimination in the 5th grade and decreases across time. Youths who had higher averages on neighborhood ethnic concentration (across the developmental period) experienced decreases in perceived peer discrimination over time; those that had lower average neighborhood ethnic concentration levels showed evidence of increasing trajectories. Further
 France
 underscoring the scope of the challenge to invite more young people to want to learn science. As predicted
 focus group interviews with diverse community members
 violence
 and feelings about the campus environment. For White students
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 both to recognize emerging research and to identify gaps for guiding future research on this complex but increasingly visible population. We examine 125 U.S.-based peer-reviewed journal articles published over the past 20 years (1990 to 2009) containing 133 separate studies focused on multiracial individuals
 subsampling
 STTCs
 and community acceptability of different energy sources. This study attempts to determine which sources of energy are most accepted or preferred by political systems
 we conduct our analysis in two steps. In the first step
 ethnically diverse school boards provided important support to proactive school leaders for their inter-group activities. Given that the central level is not providing initiatives to promote social cohesion and that BiH citizens appear to generally support social cohesion
 only facilitatively-tutored students acknowledged gains in their clinical understanding. Also
 via non-intrusive low-level measurements. We evaluate our approach on an IBM Power7 system using the DaCapo and SPECjvm2008 benchmark suites. From 900 different consolidations of application instances
 and the results show that diversity order of m + 1 can be achieved for a m-user cooperation system. Moreover
 it is important to gain the perspective of a wide range of stakeholders within these environments
 and high wireless interference. An inaccurate analysis of packet connectivity probability significantly affects and degrades the VANET/ITS performance. Especially
 the Bayer Facts surveys examine US STEM education
 have sought to develop a new fiqh of citizenship in which Muslims and non-Muslims have equal civil and political rights. This article will focus on Yusuf al-Qaradawi on the basis that his very recent shift in 2010 on the issue is yet to be studied in depth
 SSC achieves the full diversity gain of N+1 if for each branch its source-to-relay SNR is proportional to the (N+1)th power of its relay-to-destination SNR. {\textcopyright} 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 prior to the arrival of European colonists to many regions of the world
 we divide the problem into two sub-problems: Subchannel allocation and power allocation. Cutset is used to achieve the optimal subchannel allocation
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the proposed algorithm is compared with the standard PSO (SPSO) algorithm for dual channel speech enhancement
 as well as some adaptive technology for those with sensory disabilities. In addition
 rather than marking the death of feminist publishing (as was stated in media comment at the time)
 indicating that developers are successful in coping with the supposed high complexity. Functions with similarly high MCC values also occur in other operating systems and domains
 this paper proposes a novel algorithm named HybridFlood. This algorithm is divided into two steps. The first step follows the flooding with a limited number of hops. In the second step
 the African Diaspora in the USA is increasingly diverse. But due to the misrepresentation of African-American identities and cultural differences
 due to the additional diesel fuel used by the new trains
 the Siemens benchmarks
 research it
 (4) different sensing channel and imperfect reporting channel of each secondary user (SU). Taking the reporting overhead into consideration
 as well as high/low position relative to the signer) are preserved by the interpretation function. Here we ask whether plural and height specifications of loci display the formal behavior of phi-features in remaining uninterpreted in focus- and ellipsis-constructions (as in the bound readings of
 along with their questionnaire responses
cited By 6
 users in these regions should be reasonably allocated to each networkHence
 it examines their everyday interactions with low- to mid-level representatives of the Mexican state as they seek to avail themselves of their legal and social citizenship rights
 I enrolled in one cMOOC and twelve xMOOCs and studied these courses alongside other engaged learners. I conducted a cross-case analysis of the four modes of learning and identified strengths and limitations of each mode. Then I organised recurring patterns across the four learning modes into five themes: openness
 D and Sharma
 these support services could provide diversion alternatives to prevent inappropriate detentions
cited By 8
 punishment
 thereby
 enhancing people's knowledge
 I suggest
 Saudi Arabia
 a node can fetch replicas opportunistically based on the candidate list. Consequently
 both conceived as a collaborative effort of countless individuals. The project explores ways in which respectful and anti-oppressive processes of collaboration
 depressive symptoms) within the contexts of schools for multiracial adolescents. The participants were multiracial and monoracial minority and majority high school students (n = 4
 the chance for bystanders to capture the private message from those surrounding area and the dummy windows is very low. Meanwhile
 2002). Not only is autonomy correlated with quality of life (Bowling in J. Epidemiol. Commun. Health 65(3):273-280
 and emotions about teaching together with personal responsibility is important to uncover the factors affecting prospective teachers' commitment to teaching. Indeed
 69 female) evaluated in the winter and spring of their first-grade academic year. Children completed several standardized measures of reading achievement involving decoding and fluency along with a multidimensional anxiety rating scale. Results: Repeated measures ANOVA revealed significant main effects for time and scale and significant interactions for time × scale and group × scale. Logistic regression examined whether anxiety predicted response to intervention (Y/N) at the end of the school-year. Conclusions: Results showed overall decreases in anxiety over time
 we show the Pearson correlation is not capable of detecting similarities even for classic time series models
cited By 0
 implemented with a transport triggered architecture processor on a low-power Flash FPGA. To our knowledge
 secondly
 race
 intersecting questions of national and ethno-cultural identity and social justice are prominent in Canadian curricular rhetoric
 the practical implications of this research suggest that understanding females in workplace roles
 supporting its appropriateness in this group. Its dimensions (seeing in particular)
 clandestine encounters are part of an ongoing means to negotiate their opposite-sex marriages. For them
 however
 we show how the use of external knowledge bases (either specific like DBLP or generic like DBPedia) can be leveraged to improve the effectiveness of NER for idiosyncratic collections. We evaluate our system on two test collections created from a set of Computer Science and Physics papers and compare it against state-of-the-art supervised methods. Experimental results show that a careful combination of the features we propose yield up to 85{\%} NER accuracy over scientific collections and substantially outperforms state-of-the-art approaches such as those based on maximum entropy. Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee (IW3C2)."
 which are divided into 12 types according to the content they provide
 or emphasize women's difference from men and defend the special prerogatives they had already won. Only with the advent of women's liberation in the 1960s were women activists able once again to contain the equality-difference dichotomy within a single movement. This article
 we show that significant coding gains are achieved with digital and physical layer NC and we discuss on the energy efficiency performance of each NC case when applied on the Cross Network. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 the benefits of multiplexing and diversity
cited By 3
 we evaluate the delay and the energy consumed by the gateway and the enddevices using SIC-FSA. We have compared the delay and energy performance provided by SIC-FSA with that of conventional FSA and diversity-FSA (D-FSA). Results show that SIC-FSA can reduce the delay and energy consumption of the gateway in more than 50{\%}
 and user preferences impose nontrivial challenges to the Internet multimedia services for providing seamless multimedia access particularly for mobile devices (e.g.
 whereas in this work
"" and ""equity"" to frame the analysis. In most documents
 AF and DF schemes is shown. {\textcopyright} 2014
 popularity goal and social preference goal
 it also made it unnecessary to be highly engaged. Their administrators reportedly paid little attention to their choices and did not intervene. Ultimately
 10
 valuing
 with parenting practices giving youth behavioral autonomy and independence. Informed by social domain theory
 or transformed pre existing narratives about race and national identity in Brazil. A central underlying tension in these debates is that between unity and diversity-between views that consider the Brazilian population as a single unit that cannot be differentiated except at the individual level and alternative interpretations that emphasize the multiplicity of its populations in terms of race
 if ontology becomes very large and complex
 may be too expensive to collect
 and if the external terminals' transmit powers are proportional with SNR
 the independent identically distributed (i.i.d.) case is studied for the Rician/Rician and the Nakagami-m /Rician environments. Furthermore
 we introduce a system to automatically generate a summarization from multiple user generated videos and present their salience to viewers in an enjoyable manner. Among multiple consumer videos
 there are noted differences in the learning style and structure of learning using serious games. The success of learning using serious games lies in the actual involvement of a participant playing the game
 when groups are 'stretched' in terms of geographical distance
 and community-level differences in sleep and its associated outcomes
 one critical challenge is to obtain the good understanding of massive and diversified data and make consensus group decisions under a high-level stress and strict time constraint. Due to the nature of unorganized data and system complexity
 all human societies are complex systems regardless of size or organizational structure. Complex adaptive systems (CAS) represent systems which are dynamic in space
 to extract action rules from object-driven information systems. Action rules
 a stock and flow diagram is developed by integrating planning
 the envisioned approach and the achieved progress related to the presented thesis. {\textcopyright} Gessellschaft f{\""{u}}r Informatik
 an innovative Network Allocation Vector (NAV) setting is adapted with this proposed scheme to deal the varying transmitting power of the source and relay nodes. This proposed protocol
cited By 1
 Claudia D{\'{e}}m{\'{e}}n{\'{e}}
 a small group of residents worked together to increase positive social connections across different cultural groups in their suburb. A key aspect of the project was the creation of a neighbourhood DVD
 so as to reflect the importance of their environmental dimension. Great potential for energy efficient communications lies in today's heterogeneous wireless medium with overlapped coverage from different networks
 with related aspects drawn from functionalist-evolutionary theory
"Chang
 radiation efficiency
 3/4
 the improved protocol significantly enhances the performance indicators like probability of successful packet reception
 the position of Brunei English within Schneider's () Dynamic Model
 horizontal spillovers are larger in industries that are more technologically sophisticated. {\textcopyright} 2014 Asian Development Bank and Asian Development Bank Institute."
 however
 communication medium
 by orchestrating packet transmissions and prioritizing video traffic
 with diverse implications for materiality
 studies of mesoand micro-level planning has shown that many LPP decisions have to be taken at sub-national institutional
 et {\`{a}} travers un cadre th{\'{e}}orique inspir{\'{e}} de la sociologie w{\'{e}}b{\'{e}}rienne
 Jr. created in 1887 and carries on today with a different name under the ownership of the New York Times Co. The focus of our study is articles of opinion—editorials
 but was also marked with substantial uncertainty about the macrostructural and microstructural composition of the reports."
 advocacy
 also selects and publishes articles translated into English (and nine other languages). Both websites recently selected the same two human interest stories for translation from Spanish into English. Culture-specific items related to the national and regional education systems (FP superior) and to social welfare systems (ayudas) are analyzed
"Reich
 cultural diversity
 LLC."
 where Black thought and everyday living carry a primary and participant role. The personal-mothering our children-is the political
 historians can reclaim traditional Jewish culture and pluralize the hegemonic narrative. Late imperial Austria
"Blom
 as well as new model boats with unique designs. This has enhanced the role of waterbuses as tourist attractions. {\textcopyright} Association of European Geographers."
 in addition to keeping domestic livestock and dogs
 the CPF protocol reduces the interference between the two. The performance of the CPF protocol is studied through analysis using a Markov model and through ns-2 simulations. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 and/or citizen science
 and finally ""die"" when they go extinct or diverge into new species? Also included was the problem of species as taxa (taxonomic) versus species as products of the speciation process (evolutionary). More pragmatic issues arose
 arrhythmia analysis and illness alarm. This system can detect QRS wave and analyze in real-time and embed file system
cited By 1
 presented in this paper
 managed and fixed. As a consequence
 especially when performing multicast communications. To make the multi-rate multicast more vigorous and to reduce its vulnerability to access conflicts
 given the context of cultural diversity? This study is conducted using auction websites in New Zealand and Taiwan to address potential cultural differences in the motivation of sellers
 generated expressions. We illustrate the use of our approach on both medium-scale and large-scale expression spaces
 LLC."
 operating systems need to be adapted for FTL
 where the actual causes of ambiguities are assessed from the differential geometry perspective. The criteria is provided to find the allocated placement positions and the total number of required substrates. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 which incurs additional delay
 a prototypical CAD/CAM interface for oscillating between digital bytes and physical atoms. The interface uses an integrated workflow (3D scanning
 taking into account distinct project requirements connected with performance and safety. It draws in complex analysis
 and diversity-multiplexing tradeoff (DMT). Firstly
 non linear and discrete in nature. Crossover is the primary operator distinguishing Genetic algorithms from other stochastic search methods
 the equalpower multiple-relay transmission and the single-relay transmission schemes."
 their text and their audience
 (2) number of sole owned and co-owned patents
 weather
 and identifies a number of critical ingredients likely to determine the success or otherwise of any such post-enrolment language assessment regime. {\textcopyright} 2014 Taylor and Francis Group
 the Oxford Internet Survey 2011 data set contains a comprehensive set of 48 activities ranging from email to online banking to gambling. Using the principal components analysis
 Asians' reported level of conflict with their peers increases with diversity. {\textcopyright} 2014 Elsevier Inc."
"Hu
"Purnomo
 so far measured through maturity
 submarines
cited By 2
 activity in this sector offers many opportunities for African language speakers. This paper explores the challenges and constraints for African language publishing for children and argues that market forces and language policy need to work in mutually reinforcing ways. Further progress is necessarily dependent on the political will to implement language-in-education policies that promote additive bilingualism and
cited By 9
 we propose an efficient methodology for hybrid LUT/SOP logic synthesis that employs SOP-cell transformation
 while Early and Norton address the challenges of teaching through English as medium in Uganda. As discussed by Sherris and colleagues
 S and Hossen
cited By 0
 are demanded inexpensive and easy-to-use software systems with sensors capable of easily mounting and demounting. The software systems of those should be not embedded in specific construction machines but available to multiple ones. To overcoming problems like those
 especially toward the horticulture crops. Horticulture has been one of the fastest growing sectors within the larger agriculture activities in India
 interference and asymmetric links. In all this uncertainty
 the fusion approach seems to outperform the individual modalities
 we propose a QoS-enhanced proportional fair (QEPF) scheduling algorithm
 and implementation of CB-FMT. In particular
 this article analyses the case of Rajasthan Vanvasi Kalyan Parishad (RVKP)
 we presented a hybrid optical/electrical interconnect architecture targeting large-scale deployments in high-performance computing and datacenter environments. To reduce complexity
 two technique selection methods
 beyond the WOZ
 2) abundance of agents (low
 the sentence level translation quality is not assured since tuning is performed on the document level rather than on sentence level. In contrast with the standard global training in which a single weight is learned
 lower level of interference
 such as distributed (renewable) energy resources and electric vehicles
 while students agreed that these sets of knowledge and skills were important
cited By 6
 whereas live cameras can visualize traffic response. In addition
 with mobile apps
 and no fixed infrastructure is required. MANETs provide ease of self-configuration and can extend coverage at a low cost. Numerous applications have therefore been proposed under this network environment for daily life use. Because MANETs nodes are capable of moving
 setting
 uniform lines in species ranges and thus implicitly as an abrupt break. Environmental conditions may be more favourable to skinks in low-turnover areas. Since L. whitii and other skink species have very large populations in low-turnover areas
 we now see the advancement of learning distribution in multi-faceted forms. One model (called m learning) forces instructors and other stakeholders to view the distribution of education through one of 3 different perspectives. The educational stakeholder will take on the role of one who either designs educational content (or curriculum)
 lower the risk of weather-related delays due to go-arounds or diversions
 there is a need both to modernise infrastructure in order to boost trade opportunities eastward and to enhance and diversify industrial capabilities
 are at odds with latency reduction. For Internet applications
cited By 1
 and the sentiment words' have more diverse parts of speech. These characteristics make the extraction of opinion targets
 we study the problem of user modeling in the search log data and propose a generative model
"Asikin
 information seeking
 various national and international legal arrangements define children's fundamental rights and freedoms. Students below the age of 18 are also entitled to fundamental rights and freedoms by reason of such legal arrangements. One of these arrangements recognises the freedom of thought and expression. The children's/students' freedom of thought and expression within the school environment
 expulsion
10.14689/ejer.2014.57.5
 but also the actions of its non-writing mass base. Through its mobilization I argue that Ghadar implicated Sikhi as both a force and a stake in the struggle to overthrow British rule in India. The kind of politics generated by this engagement stands outside secular-religious frames
cited By 1
 and how to bridge the gap between the SW and Natural Language Processing (NLP). Moreover
 religious
cited By 0
 and a social justice framework was utilized in 48.1{\%} of diversity articles. A systemic
 which included framing
 and uses services and visits links automatically according to its goal. This scenario illustrates how the discovery is made at different levels and how the use of semantics helps implement an agent that performs high-level tasks. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 even though there is considerable controversy surrounding the predictive value of GPA and MCAT scores. Summary: Our aim in this article was to explore the relationship between standard admissions practices
 the results point to greater diversity in issue promotion for the U.S. advertorials than for the Indian advertorials. Furthermore
 we propose a provenance tracking solution that enables provenance functionality to be facilitated in web feed mash-ups. We demonstrate how the provenance of feed mash-up results to be determined by means of a provenance query algorithm. Finally
 the National Statement on Ethical Conduct in Human Research
 terms for festivals and religious practices
 river diversions and significant public utility diversions. The paper demonstrates how the project team tackled the problems
 which is also motivated by the existence of automatic annotation systems such as Open Calais. An interesting and particular feature is the multitude of types of entities (e.g.
 we used Sequential Minimal Optimization for Support Vector Machine (SMO) together with Relief feature selection. The present study shows different levels of performance for automatically selected feature sets
 have been examined. It was determined that the use of the Turkish language might be slightly different from the Turkish spoken in Turkey. Some of the issues which are covered in this study are: the use of colours as cultural symbols
 many such search engines return to users both images and web documents as answers to the query ""flower"". Aggregated search has become a very popular paradigm. In this paper
 designer and theorist Dr Christopher Dresser
 specifically in terms of spelling
 say
 has resulted in various technological solutions surrounding Arabic
 d) consideration of patient coping responses
 which we combine with a machine learning algorithm to optimize recognition and linking of named entities. We test our approach on four standard data sets that are composed of two diverse text types
 result presentation and vertical diversity. This method allows us to isolate model components and therefore gives a multifaceted view on a model's performance. We argue that our method can be used in conjunction with traditional click model evaluation metrics such as log-likelihood or perplexity. In order to demonstrate the power of our method in situations where result pages can contain more than one type of vertical (e.g.
 embedded within them are weighty restrictions such as ""black out"" rules and exclusive distributorships. These restrictions raise questions as to the ultimate effect that such contracts have on competition and overall consumer welfare. The two legal mechanisms that traditionally protect industry-wide competition and consumer welfare are antitrust law and regulation. This is no less true in the professional sports and telecast industries. The collision of these two industries has resulted in a labyrinth of regulation and uneven antitrust enforcement that diminishes consumer choice
 browsing Wikipedia or social networking sites. Following on from the successful workshop at ECIR in 2012 and later discussions at Dagstuhl meetings
 the urban age thesis has become a form of doxic common sense around which questions regarding the contemporary global urban condition are framed. This article argues that
 collect localised knowledge
 which employed historicization as its dominant technique. This revision throws new light on a crucial moment of social change in the history of modern Egypt
 and racial humor). Professional centrality also predicted strategy use
 using a representative population sample (N=7
 namely The Independent
 a rural Congregational minister
 school newsletters
 properties and relationships stored in our designed news domain ontology. Ontology design is based on news industry standards and careful study of the domain. It is also semantically annotated with context sensitive knowledge
 however disturbing it may be. More specifically
 a declarative visualization grammar that enables sharing and reuse. We evaluate Lyra's expressivity and accessibility through diverse examples and studies with journalists and visualization designers. We find that Lyra enables users to rapidly develop customized visualizations
 making it more representative of news articles on the web. The new ""ECB+"" corpus is available for further research."
"Garc{\'{i}}a-Carmona
 alternatives or choices
 with the growing recognition of crisis response as persuasive communication there is a need for an interdisciplinary approach which would help researchers understand the effects that crisis messages have on the perceptions and behaviours of stakeholders. Therefore
 unexpectedly
 is an enthusiastic patron of these institutions. However
 combined with some genuinely ugly history
 said ""With energetic partnerships and great ideas
 but the form these preferences take varies by partisanship. The political significance of these findings is discussed. {\textcopyright} 2014 International Communication Association."
 zeczec
 this article draws a conclusion that traditional cluster algorithms cannot be used to discover topics because of the length of text. Therefore
"Inel
 T. 2009. Boys' Underachievement: What Schools Think and Do. A University of Ulster Research Project Funded by the Department of Education and Northern Ireland Office. November. Accessed January 10
cited By 16
 it can provide a useful signal for training word alignment and MT models. Moreover
 which are bottom-up and covert
"Mohammed
 a system for automated stamping of entity information in short query text. Our system builds from the state-of-the-art TAGME [4] system and is optimized for time and performance efficiency. Our system achieved an F1 measure of 0.53 and the latency of 0.31 seconds on a dataset of 500 queries and a Freebase snapshot provided for the short track in the Entity Recognition and Disambiguation Challenge at SIGIR 2014. Copyright 2014 ACM."
"Gronemeyer
 the interested public
 securing external supplies as well as deciding the energy mix
 site visits occurred in four remote Indigenous communities: Katherine and Ngukurr
and their effectiveness in supporting serendipitous learning on open online networks. {\textcopyright} International Forum of Educational Technology {\&} Society (IFETS)."
 which can be treated as an implicit ACK by the transmitter. By doing so
 Youtube
 which is used to determine the dependency factors of the conditional attributes using the concept of fuzzy rough sets. The dependency factors are used as initial connection weights of the proposed FRGSOM. The FRGSOM is then trained through a competitive learning of the self-organizing map. We also propose a new ""fuzzy rough entropy measure""
 as well as palliative care per se. Analysis. An exploratory information behaviour model depicting diverse contexts in palliative care is used to direct brief discussions of the contexts of informing
 practitioners and parents. The messages also address bullying behaviours. The cartoons are set in a play park and feature characters young children can easily identify with. The messages in the cartoons are reinforced in the early years setting through the use of resources and interactive activities that prompt children to talk about their feelings and attitudes to the issues explored in the cartoons. MIFC aims to: increase awareness of difference in Northern Ireland among children
 related to social control and the production of new
 making it difficult to fully represent and exploit the diverse array of information. In this paper
 and fairness. The obtained results show that the presented opportunistic strategy can be used to improve the network throughput. {\textcopyright} 2012 Hakki Soy et al."
 images taken from real-scene images displayed on various medium
 we explore different parameters
 the assessments concerning the mediating role of heterogeneous discussion illustrate that late-night comedy can draw a higher level of political involvement from those who are highly educated. The present study urges the field to extend the scope of the communication mediation model by incorporating a greater number of media channels and more diverse aspects of interpersonal talk. {\textcopyright} Mass Communication {\&} Society Division of the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication."
 thereby integrating ""head-work and hand-work."" In order to appreciate the role mathematics plays in modern science
 and (3) authorship entropy for mining the most contributed authors. Based on these attributes
 we present Primates a privacy management system for social networks. Primates allows users to specify access control rules for their resources and enforces access control over all shared resources. The set of users who are allowed to access a given resource is defined by a set of constraints on the paths connecting the owner of a resource to its requester in the social graph. We demonstrate the accuracy of our access control model and the scalability of our system. {\textcopyright} 2012 Authors."
cited By 9
 by taking the difference between queries into consideration. In particular
 called Twevent. Twevent first detects bursty tweet segments as event segments and then clusters the event segments into events considering both their frequency distribution and content similarity. More specifically
 news articles and their associated comments provide context information for user commenting. To implicitly capture the context information
cited By 1
cited By 1
 to the problem of pose matching. The result is a robust system capable of quickly searching large cross-media collections for similarity to a visually specified query pose. We evaluate over a cross-section of the UK National Research Centre for Dance's (UK-NRCD)
 while low rate one would bring low quality data for terminals even if they have enough resources. To solve above problems
 detecting malicious behavior of users. A very important application of analyzing users' online digital footprints is to protect users from potential privacy and security risks arising from the huge publicly available user information. We extracted information about user identities on different social networks through Social Graph API
 background traffic keeps exchanging data with corresponding server
 it was also perceived to increase the chance that none of the information encountered would contribute to the interviewees' academic research (and therefore would be 'wasted' time). We make a number of suggestions for the design of social media tools that create opportunities for serendipity based on our findings."
 models trained on other sources of data can be as good as or even better than those trained on the target data. That is
 reports of service failure
 or to report on an external event of interest
 and discovering contextual clusters of microtexts
 reciprocity
 we found that users engaged in lightweight
cited By 2
 but they also show strong and significant age and gender differences in a variety of measures
 and present observations about event diffusion patterns across diverse media types such as news
 to better understand predictability of user generated English. {\textcopyright} 2012 Association for Computational Linguistics."
cited By 5
 and how people use them
 social media
 Google+
"Luiten
cited By 6
 P and Kazienko
 V and Sheen
 the university or the workplace at home. As a consequence
 from diminishing prospects of employment to record foreclosures and crippling student debt. In claiming their right to the city
 we present a weakly supervised topic grouping paradigm to diversify the returned videos of a given keyword query. Our grouping is based on the bag-of-words visual signature quantized over the spatiotemporal STIP descriptor [1] extracted from each returned video. First
"Zeb
 temperature
 we report results from our analysis of 10
 all agents come to choose the same choice and the choice is stochastically whereas it decides deterministically. This is when mediation coefficient is 0.0. Next
 A"
 despite the growing momentum of scholarly activity in both fields
 we present a matching algorithm that is evaluated it with real tourists. The evaluation shows that considering complementarity when matching individuals is preferred by users. Therefore
 we use the navigability to model the basic structural complexity of a network. That is
 large private media companies are now outspending smaller competitors in order to boost innovation and technology. As media companies continue to grow in all major forms of Albanian media
 they are breaking free from the console and hitting the streets. These games are a new way of exploring ideas
cited By 21
 and a third network that ties the two together. Tweet and author entities are ranked following a co-ranking algorithm based on the intuition that that there is a mutually reinforcing relationship between tweets and their authors that could be reflected in the rankings. We show that this framework can be parametrized to take into account user preferences
 and others)
 city
 Robert Park's Marginal Man and Norbert Elias and John Scotson's Established and Outsiders as the emblematic figures of the sociology of migration are reconstructed in this framework as a common theoretical ground. {\textcopyright} 2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 or suggesting new
 because human beings are not good at dealing with a large amount of information. Another advantage of our protocol is its tolerance of input errors considering human error is always a possibility. We prove the security of the protocol in the universal composability (UC) framework and demonstrate its efficiency. {\textcopyright} 2012 ACM."
cited By 16
 minority choice has a chance to spread throughout in the population. This is when standardized deviation is high. Then
"Cosenza
 a new measure called emotional divergence does have an impact. In general
 we research on the key techniques of Tibetan new valid word extraction: (1) using statistical method to establish Tibetan new word knowledge base
 we research on the key techniques of Tibetan new word extraction: (1) using statistical method to establish Tibetan new words knowledge base; (2) using information entropy and vector space module similarity calculation to extract/filter Tibetan new valid words; (3) using word co-occurrence techniques to extract Tibetan new meaning words. {\textcopyright} 2012 AICIT."
 a social circle weighted PageRank algorithm which takes both popularity (in-degree) and social circle broadness into account is proposed. Experiments on Susceptible- Infectious-Recovered (SIR) model show that our method in terms of identification of influential spreaders outperforms other methods such as in-degree and PageRank on two real social network datasets. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 this study analyzes changes in revenue sources in this age of data
 we found a strong relationship between individuals' consumption of local media contents and their local identity. Further
 then that block is wiped with a user specified number of passes and pattern. ERASERS
Topic summarization
 we consider encounters of vehicles as their social relationships and model VANETs as social graphs. Based on the social graph model
 and find significant evidence of both convergence and divergence across the language divide. Among the most significant findings are differences in how complexity is handled: English outlets present diverse coverage that is highly compartmentalized
 retailers
 a GPS dataset from more than 150k vehicles in Italy. We build a multiresolution grid and we map the trajectories with several complex networks
 a type of swarm intelligence algorithm
 congestion control) are implemented on a per-segment basis
 the users of the same type are more likely to be co-mentioned and build a reciprocated relation in microblog. Moreover
 Theory."
 increases the number of binary symbols that can be processed in a cycle. Subinterval reordering is used to reduce the cycle time required to process each binary symbol. Under common conditions using the JM12.0 software
 (iii) wavelet decomposition-Born-Jordan time-frequency representation
 interviews
 contribute to these communities. We conducted a multi-method exploratory case study using semi-structured interviews and archival data from a four-year period of the OpenSimulator project. We find that entrepreneurs connect themselves to diverse sets of ties
 9{\%} over in-domain tandem features and 8{\%} over the best out-of-domain tandem features. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
"Tsatsou
cited By 18
 twitter. However
 considering also other possible variables that might account for these variations.Points for practitioners In this article we demonstrate that the EU partnership principle
 web document hyperlinks
 brute-force attacks
 digital footprint of users' activities can be harnessed to retrieve the same from diverse sources. In this work
 we present a measure which characterizes the robustness properties of a graph
"Tsai
 traffic control
 and in particular to marginalization and Bayesian inference of
 Max-Ent
 based on Hessian-free optimization
 people have recognized security as one of the most important issues in cloud service computing service systems. Particularly
 and selected friends' behaviors were associated with the same behaviors in participants. For example
 M and Ghanbari
 movie
 is derived. Simulation results show that the proposed scheme can support more active users simultaneously than sub-channels
 a system that leverages state of the art techniques and tools to automatically distill high-level topics for a given user. Topick exploits both the user stream and her profile information to accurately identify the most relevant topics. The results are synthesised as a set of stars associated to each topic
 and research are highlighted. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science + Business Media
 AKARI and 4 ward projects are concrete examples. They follow common approaches of virtualization but with different characteristics. In this paper
 a distributed system approach such as multi-agent system design is appealing to us. We propose a distributed dynamic skin platform that cannot only provide sufficient interaction between people and space
 I highlight the ways in which these perspectives offer a ""sociological corrective"" to media misrepresentations as well as insights that extend beyond sport and into contemporary social issues including race and gender relations
 it is important to consider users' emotion. This paper is to investigate emotional factor determining users' satisfaction while watching different levels of screen display image (human
 assessing the behaviour of geo-reservoirs under different operating conditions requires the analysis of complex coupled processes at the reservoir scale. The full length and time scales for which the performance of geological sites must be assessed are not amenable to direct investigation by laboratory studies or field investigations. The only practical option for predicting the long-term behaviour of geo-reservoirs is numerical analysis
 the procedures of interactive advance organizer design were established for School-age Children. In particular
 L"
 LLC."
 LLC."
 we firstly study the related theoretical model with network parameters. Next
 and can be applied toMIMO systems with various diversity types. A comparison between the simulation results and measurements shows the validity of the proposed model as well as its advantage over an existing model. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
 it was observed that the audience worked around and searched the existence of the transparent sculpture. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 and gender; and no statistically significance association was found between the kgotla group channel and the three demographic variables. Findings suggest that the interventions have promoted proenvironmental behaviors and attitudes among the respondents. Implications for environmental communication practice and directions for future research are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2012 SAGE Publications."
 dealt with issues of difference and sameness in his multiple staging of Malaysian identities. His theatre process and practice were in several ways critical interventions into the Malaysian cultural landscape. This article will examine some of the strategies used in Krishen Jit's theatre that dealt with cultural difference and emerged as a valuable response to the tensions of identity in Malaysia. It interrogates his choices for theatre and how they indicate a conscious engagement with issues of plural identities within a multicultural mosaic. It seeks to offer a perspective on how the theatre provides an apt site for questions of agency and belonging that arise in negotiating issues of exclusion and inclusion within a plural socio-cultural space. {\textcopyright} Penerbit Universiti Sains Malaysia
 runaway slaves were known as watoro. Forged by men and women of diverse cultural backgrounds
cited By 9
 we present an analysis of the data stealing behaviors of one of the most notorious data stealing botnets
 unified theory. While these theories offer advancement in the way religious experience can be understood
 LLC. 2011."
 and the Moravian missionaries' attempt to enforce strict sexual morals in indigenous and Creole settlements. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 significantly affect the perceived learning outcomes of e-learning students. Namely
 LLC."
 in cases where one alternative normatively dominated the other
 we model the local audio descriptors using a Guassian Mixture Model (GMM). Following [2]
 preachers display multivocal
cited By 7
 but they also wonder if such women can also play appropriate family roles. Tensions clearly exist between job aspirations and traditional roles of wife and mother. A grounded theory approach to analysis using open and axial coding of data identified four emergent themes: Filial piety towards the family; Autonomy versus femininity; Division of labor: Gendered roles and responsibilities; and Media and school as mediators of gender identity. Further research with diverse Chinese women is needed including comparisons of rural and urban experiences of gender roles."
 and verbal and non-verbal communication are described. The development of interpersonal connections
 L and Romaniak
cited By 8
 LLC. 2011."
cited By 19
 Halo
 the probability density function (PDF) of the output signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is derived. To facilitate the analysis
 and a nationally ranked leader in many of the academic disciplines that form the heart of ISMAR: Computer Science
 indicators of success of counter-radicalisation policies are often unclear or unspecified. One consequence of this is that assessments of the effectiveness of counter-radicalisation measures and policy responses are either lacking or often methodologically questionable
 and schools of psychology of religion. Researchers have developed new measurement tools based on local culture in psychology of religion. Empirical studies pay special attention to the relationship between religious belief and mental health
cited By 3
 worst
 the good features of AIS and PSO are combined in ordertoreduce their shortcomings. By comparing the optimization results of the mathematical functions and the engineering problem using hybrid AIS (HAIS) and AIS
 taking into consideration the needs and demands of object nations and groups. Networking of subjects and objects is another crucial element of the new model
 student services
 for instance
 our analyses that account for secular changes in the size of graduation cohorts show that Hispanics are more disadvantaged relative to whites under the top 10{\%} admission regime at both University of Texas at Austin and Texas A{\&}M University. Simulations of Hispanics' gains and losses at each stage of the college pipeline reveal that affirmative action is the most efficient policy to diversify college campuses
"Walters
cited By 0
 A and Sombrutzki
 R"
 gender
 off-campus clinics (75.6 {\%})
 even if there is a couple in a database
 and it was thus chosen as the focus of this study
 non-European audience is testimony to the depth of the domestic
 for CSI based and fixed relay gains
 neglects the fact that synapses
 the received replicas are combined using the maximal ratio combining (MRC). The entire codeword
 hence a legacy IEEE 802.11n node may join the multicast group and experience good Quality of Service. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 H and Ozdemir
 transactional)
 that is its flexibility to mimic almost anything. In contemporary time there is as much focus on the integration of intelligence into machines that serve human purposes as there is on activities that aim to distinguish humans from computational machines. Cyborgs
 who were assumed to play the crucial role of linguistic and cultural mediators between their Old-World homes and the supposedly distinct 'American way of life.' As various groups in American society struggled to promote their response to mass immigration as well as their views on immigrant children
cited By 16
 dynamic spectrum allocation and medium access. Performance of the proposed protocol is evaluated using ns-2
cited By 9
 and this civil use has generated a remarkable breadth of applications. Attracted by this utility
cited By 0
cited By 25
 K and Temmerman
 comparatively
cited By 1
 uncertain and inaccurate knowledge or information. They use qualifiers that are very close to human way of expressing knowledge
 Copyright {\textcopyright} 2013 Arizona Archaeological and Historical Society. All rights reserved."
 and analyze the diversity order and coding gain. Simulations are performed to verify the tightness of the presented analysis at medium and high SNR regions. {\textcopyright} 2012 JMT. All rights reserved."
 antenna selection provides identical performance to beamforming at medium and high signal-to-noise ratios without the added hardware and signaling overhead. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 called PluralisMAC
"Savas
 but also different views of key participants in the successful implementation."
 thereby facilitating a more efficient and robust robotic visual search. The proposed mechanism is able to create conceptual knowledge with the information acquired from the largest and the most diverse medium - the Internet. Experiments using an indoor mobile robot demonstrate the efficiency of our approach as well as reliability of goal-directed robot behaviour. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 India and five independent primary schools in Adelaide
 which matches the simulated outage probability quite well from medium to high SNR region. For the purpose of revealing the system diversity order
 growth
 there is an accumulating convergence of research that calls for assessments of quality in education of non-dominant linguistic and cultural groups that engage local stakeholders' understandings. This paper presents a recent study that attempts to do this
 Triune's strengths included its aims
cited By 2
 especially
 a suite of hands-on term-long projects and associated curricular modules have been developed. Each project involves the design and implementation of a learning system which enhances a particular commonly-deployed AI application. In addition
 and other inference tasks. We provide a gentle introduction to DPPs
 later renamed as The Asia Foundation
 this article discusses the advantages
 video) and their type of information need (informational
 as well as Tadhg {\'{O}} Neachtain's friendship with Anthony Raymond
 we build a diverse document leads corpus annotated with semantic relations. To reduce the workload of annotators and annotate as many various documents as possible
 and/or tablet; and finally
 there is indeed a standardizing trend among translations and (ii) text types with a lot of editorial control (fiction
 as delivery methods to educate both landowners and professionals about this subject. {\textcopyright} by Extension Journal
 occasionally opposite directions
 which applies Conditional Random Field to train a sequence labeling model and use maximum scoring subsequence to improve the accuracy of extraction. The experimental results show that CRF Scoring achieves the best F-Measure at 91.9{\%} compared with other methods. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 structure
 running on a corpus of over 30 million words in about four minutes
 for example
 over half a million recognition errors were corrected by anonymous users. By leveraging such corrected transcriptions
 ensuring service continuity for a mobile user when changing different access network becomes a mandatory aspect. The aim of this work is to study and analyse a solution based on the IEEE802.21 standard
 especially in unstable colonial situations-an aspect of the order's pastoral mission which has hitherto received little attention. {\textcopyright} 2012 Koninklijke Brill NV
 two case studies were set up targeting two different platforms: a high level PC game authoring tool
 the same included links
 news summaries
 the research works suggest a fair sharing of the channel for clients using the NIC (Network Interface Cards) from the same vendor where there is a tendency to monopolize the channel by different NIC vendor. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
"Centeno
 M"
 pause
"Arnaud
 in both social and working environments. We have developed a tool to assist users with cognitive limitations to way-finding. Guidance is provided by means of mobile devices through different media (audio
 such as ease of access and ease of use
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. All rights reserved."
cited By 4
 by nature
 the like of very low frequency radiation from the Milky Way
 the simulation result in a DVB-H broadcast channel shows that the scheme exhibits 1{\%} to 45{\%} enhancement on the reconstruction of the SVC video data in the base layer. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 state and the international community
 K and Aparnameenaa
 it has become easier to collect people's activities as their lifelogs
 or architecture gain visibility by cumulating the eminence of others connected to them across and within generations. We draw on interaction ritual chain and social movement theories
 we present a new efficient test vector compression scheme based on block entropy in conjunction with our improved row-column reduction routine to reduce test data significantly. Our results show that the proposed method produces much higher compression ratio than all previously published methods. On average
 overlook the question of how to empower migrants
cited By 9
 little consideration of its impact in complex contexts. In south-western Sydney
 we cannot evaluate this with our one-time cross-sectional survey. Our data and theory suggest that this influence may be substantial. {\textcopyright} 2012 Copyright Population Investigation Committee."
 to balance the packet advancement
 to request for transmission and from which media servers
 my research questions will focus on specific aspects of implication of computer visualisation. The questions are: How computer visualisation is implemented in UK planning? What is the current issue that the computer visualisation is faced in the planning implementation? In investigating
 and multi-family housing units. The findings underscore the need to refine supply-side affordable housing tools so that they are effective in a range of land markets
 periphery (exposing its ethnic richness while using stereotypes)
 particularly
 interviews with their Australian teachers and course documentation. The findings indicate a strong culture clash between these students' educational dispositions
 industry-standard system (SolidWorks). A design project provides diverse student teams an opportunity to integrate and apply foundational spatial concepts and skills including sketching
 the expectation of integration
 school attachment
 OPC in concert with SM provides superior throughput. With increasingly tight fairness constraints
 as well as widely-adopted languages such as CUDA; also of importance are high-quality libraries such as CUDPP and Thrust. This article surveys a purposely diverse set of proof-of-concept applications developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory. We find that the capability level of the accelerator computing hardware and languages has moved beyond the regular grid finite difference calculations and molecular dynamics codes. More advanced applications requiring dynamic memory allocation
 the performance will be studied using both random and orthogonal spreading codes between users. The effect of the cross-polarization discrimination on the Bit Error Rate performance will be discussed. Moreover
 a team comprising local council officers and researchers extended previous attempts to include children and young people's perspectives of
 A S and Bjerkestrand
 CBS
 which assigns channels to flows according to the interference state of every node. Third
 with which this post-Soviet Muslim-majority country is currently struggling
cited By 1
 the most popular microblog service in China. We model the interaction networks as unidirectional weighted graphs in light of the asymmetry of user interactions. Following this model
 the parliamentarians compile diverse media menus."
 leaving their classical role as intermediaries. Their survival should be based on cooperation with other departments and institutions
 Cooperative VR-Applications) is to bridge this gap by supplying an interface which provides simplified access to QoS and path diversity support
 a very high percentage of blog-like content and image files are detected
 place/where and thing/what. Consequently
 test sample percentages 70
"Laskowski
 E and Sankar
 especially when interoperability of the profile is key and its reuse on different sites is necessary for providing other types of personalisation. Indeed recent studies have shown that users on the Social Web often use different social networking sites for diverse
 domains and templates
 motion and other pollutants. However
 Inc. (ACM)."
 an intelligent handover decision mechanism is proposed based on the context-aware strategy and Media Independent Handover in order to improve not only the continuity of the connection but to reduce the latency
cited By 0
 hyper narratives in computer games
 a new low latency transparent bridge protocol based in on-demand path set up
 but the daily file-sharing traffic volume per end user largely remains the same. Also
 the company has followed the principles of IOP methodology developed by the IBV. The monitoring methodology has helped to address the development of the system from the perspective of people
 we define a main location of an individual. In order to study the relations between communities and location clusters
 and burst of topics. These time series data usually exhibit a heavy-tailed distribution rather than a Gaussian distribution. This poses great challenges to existing approaches due to the significantly different assumptions on the data distributions and the lack of sufficient past data on extreme events. In this paper
 establishing technical connections
 accounted for unique variance in psychological distress after controlling for age
 and transnational organizations. The group-based ""identity politics"" of the ""new social movements"" that arose after the 1960s still exist
 and photos. This more populist technology empowers 'folk' input into the shaping and framing of digital objects. It empowers the sharing of local
 personalized media in politics
 we develop a simulator to quantify the damage of the attack under a diverse set of attacker/victim combinations. Our main contribution is to quantify how many ASes may be susceptible to the attack
 called distributed threshold relaying (DTR) for cooperative wireless ad hoc networks. In DTR
"Fujima
cited By 4
 with a great exploitation factor
 we propose to use a family of stochastic-learning based Weak estimators for learning and tracking a user's time varying interests. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed paradigm outperforms some of the traditional legacy approaches that represent the state-of-the-art technology. {\textcopyright} 2012 KIPS."
cited By 2
 which is specified via individual incentives and may involve aspects of coordination
 Medicare or insurance
 especially in relation to liberal pluralism
 it also examines the degree of diversity of users' opinions within media outlets. The results suggest that whereas users challenge journalistic viewpoints to some extent
 welcoming and unified China. Political dissent was suppressed
 sparsely knit
 in order to reorganise -in a second 'action phase' - the general architecture of the blended course
 and in these countries media use competes with a variety of other-perhaps much stronger-factors influencing political engagement
 considering issues such as the recipients
cited By 1
 acceleration in the concentration of media ownership. The presence of these legacy actors is almost as important in the new media sector as in newspapers
 and
cited By 2
 relatively little research has been devoted to examining network structure as an outcome of activism. The present paper builds upon these insights by utilizing data collected with the position generator on a sample of environmental movement members
 age
 and ganged) in the Globe and Mail
"Brooks
 substance use
 and across the three time periods studied (Time). The diversity of physical space
 accompanied by a heterogeneous set of requirements
 named segment cooperation
 China's road toward economic-environmental balance is even complicated since there are various regions of diversified geographical and economic conditions. Using context-dependent-DEA (data envelopment analysis) as performance evaluating technique
 knowledge and tasks. Thus
 our empirical investigation documents that sectoral shifts and the degree of specialization exert a negative role on unemployment dynamics. By contrast
 particularly because of the deaths it has caused and for its persistent presence in the media
 and the consideration of the state of the optimization run and the population diversity in stopping criteria. Numerical simulations further verify that our algorithm with the IAPSO outperforms that with the original APSO. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 2001) refer to Lewis' argument as the 'Assertion problem'
 Switchable Mutation and Elitist Propagation have been designed based on the concept of increasing the dynamic diversity of the population. The experimental results in PCB and TSP instances show that the proposed approach is very promising and it contains the ability of local and global searching. The experimental results show ESMA can further improve the performance of GA by searching the solution space with more promising results. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 participated in five focus groups
 appropriate assistive and other technologies
 LLC. 2011."
201 yearbook photographs ranging from kindergarten through 12th grade from 17 schools in the state of Michigan were evaluated for smile type: full smile
 and minimum transmission points
 from low-budget Bollywood imitations to new formats evolving in response to local sensibilities. This article outlines some of these developments
 transgender people
 this does not decrease its usability. These findings suggest that the subjunctive interface supports media studies researchers. The advantage of a subjunctive interface for exploration suggests a new direction for the development of exploratory search systems. {\textcopyright} 2012 ACM."
 while reducing the energy consumption of the mobile device. In this paper
 we can significantly improve network resource utilization to achieve much higher throughput and lower latencies. Results show that the proposed dual-path router improves saturation bandwidth by 29{\%} on uniform random synthetic traffic
cited By 0
 count of interested bloggers
 it combines the state-of-the-art collaborative filtering and the social network modeling approaches for social recommendation. Especially
 caring for the major sports events at home and abroad and enhance their confidence. The majority of the contemporary college students are very concerned about the situation of sports development as well as the major sports events at home and abroad. Secondly
 mobile phones
"Geiger
 makes it relevant to investigate the logic of the political vision of the social that the official Wahhabi scholars have. I argue that this Wahhabi theology needs to be understood in the framework of its view on the human psyche and in relation to its concept of sin. I further argue that a renegotiation of positions is taking place
 and taste cultures of the audiences involved in the substitute wedding scenes
 they have been harnessed to architect Web 2.0 spaces
 J C and Arredondo
 class
 and general appraisals of personal adaptive capacities. We hypothesize that resilience is influenced by the characteristics of individuals' social networks and also by their social-psychological dependence on local environments. Using data collected in three resource-associated communities within the southeastern United States
 single-track model of patient and public involvement in the management and running of health and social care systems. Although the mechanisms and methods for delivering this may vary we suggest the model remains fundamentally the same. We also suggest why the current structures are unlikely to provide an effective response either to the pluralism of values
 with translators and translation scholars continuing to act as mediators. {\textcopyright} 2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 Financial Perspectives 2007-2013)
 1991). The voice
 need to deal with the conditions that have received less attention in research regarding a multi-robot formation. There are several challenges: (1) less information is available than the well-known formation algorithms assume
 careers have an effect on brokerage through mechanisms rooted in social capital
cited By 18
 postcolonial amnesia in regard to ""tradition
 but also on Sartre's work on the Jewish experience in France and his exploration of French diversity during with the Second World War. {\textcopyright} 2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 I H and Matoush
 neo-collective or liberal rural land regime
"" and second
 not depend on the direct link between source and destination. Finally
 including level crossing rate and fade duration
 protein residues are thought to bind to clay surfaces in vessel walls through a variety of primarily non-covalent interactions. Removal of protein residues requires the disruption of these interactions
 including a new Neighbourhood Development Strategy for the City. This research advocates for decision-makers to support and work alongside context-based
 this article critically engages with the terminology and the interpretive paradigms employed. Thus the article highlights the contribution of the scholars examined to a dialogue on the role of critical thinking within China as well as globally. In fact
 three NGO/SMO
 C M"
 diversity-related teacher burnout
 the number of relays K
 the essay presents an analysis of the IASC's religious dimensions
 scenario development tends towards a bounded methodology
 LLC 2011."
 such as the diversity of human abilities and entrepreneurship education
 there is no evidence yet that this affects the willingness to speak out in offline environments. The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The World Association for Public Opinion Research. All rights reserved.2012 {\textcopyright} The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The World Association for Public Opinion Research. All rights reserved."
 in the context of nonoverlapping subspaces
 our proposed algorithm works well in the presence/absence of virtual carriers
 results show that although perceptions of prejudice do predict decreases in ASC for African-American students
 their understandings of knowledge
 which is modeled as the output of a branching process. Specifically
 dynamic packet bundling
 mobility gateway
 Snellman was in the end sentenced in an open court and forced to leave the university. Snellman's view is certainly not the final definition of the university
 Mu'ammar Qadhafi
 acculturation and adverse social circumstances. This study examines beliefs
"Angouri
 can yield increased detail needed to identify conservation strategies for smaller scales which can contribute to goals at the larger extents. Our study was conducted at the scale of a single state
 this paper argues that the coding of such documents introduced considerable measurement error to party position estimates. Statistical analyses indicate that this measurement error is systematic rather than random as it is often manifested as centrist bias in parties' left-right position estimates. Consequently
 acting as a permanent record of what is to be remembered from a society. How can this function be achieved by present-day libraries attempting to cope with mobile
 which reinforce Orientalism. The findings suggest a disparity in some newspapers in the sample between hard news and editorials. Although hard news appears to reinforce Orientalist representation of Muslims
 and the features of its discourse referent in semantically motivated relations such as binding. In Hungarian
 where humans act as sensors or sensor operators
 by conducting a series of simulations based on OIN
 hence fully utilizing the diversity gain. CARLA is a simple
 which is similar to that observed between closed-loop and open-loop single user multiple-input multiple-output (SU-MIMO). In this paper
 D and Raja
 it is preferable to support multiple levels of granularity for usability. Thus
"Kanagaratnam
"Cambridge
 shall be used alongside the relevance of crowd theory in explaining not the riots themselves but the sentencing of collectivity in the case of R v Blackshaw {\&} Others [2011] EWCA Crim 2312. Following Ranci{\`{e}}re and the arts and crafts movement
cited By 6
 location or the content management system in use. This article aims to provide an overview of the need and current development of Document Viewers for digitized objects in DSpace repositories -including a local viewer developed for a newspaper collection and four other viewers currently implemented in DSpace repositories. According to the DSpace Registry
 and how combined insights from these studies have illuminated new research streams in both humanistic and design research modes. {\textcopyright} 2012 ACM."
 monitors
 LLC 2011."
"Chow
 developing criteria for social value evaluation with regard to subsystems in social sustainability performance
 and cultural sociology is employed to produce a theorised frame - underpinned by configurations of powers
 established within the R{\&}D laboratories of multinational firms. Findings: R{\&}D internationalization strategies generate a great diversity of knowledge. Consequently
 an accurate JND estimation model is introduced. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed JND model has a better visual effect than other models: it injects much noise into the insensitive regions
"Geiger
cited By 0
 implement appropriate accountability measures
 multiple case study approach to understand 14 diverse women's colleges and universities in nine nations on five continents. Five key roles emerged: access
cited By 23
 LLC."
"George
 the authors of this article present a WORLD view of literacy (Word
 a new method which can improve system performance in multipath environments is also introduced in this paper. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 must be wrong. Swiatczak
 spectrum efficiency expressions for asymptotic approximations
 the simulation results support the optimality of the solutions. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 this article shows the diversity of motivations behind preference voting
 we have documented higher fertility for the foreign born and lowest for the second generation
 shop level
 the K-means method. The computational results show that the scatter search performs efficiently over different kinds of instances. Moreover
 15. 1 {\%} Other/Mixed) consisted of 384 girls in the southwestern United States. Results of growth modeling showed that 9th grade athletes (n = 309) perceived greater gender discrimination relative to girls who were not involved in sports (n = 75)
 both analytically and through simulations under various network conditions
 and these solutions were consistent with previous research conducted among combined samples of women and men. Findings suggested that women were significantly more likely than men to be in the most desirable
 35{\%} African-American
 women continue to be underrepresented as senior authors
 beliefs and identities. Our ongoing case studies at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) provide evidence to show that a focus on culture offers the most insightful and effective approach for investigating women's participation in CS. In this paper
 detection theory and machine learning. By expressing patch (dis)similarity as a detection test under a given noise model
 the proposed single input single output (SISO) robust detector can be easily extended for a multiple input multiple output (MIMO) MC-CDMA system with a high rate of performance. Simulation results show that the proposed SISO detector
 and acceptance by non-deterministic machines. We therefore propose a (restricted) logical theory over relations as a language for specifying such notions. Our specification logic is further characterized by an ability to explicitly treat binding in object languages. Once such a logic is fixed
 the presence of ma-licious or compromised nodes in the network impacts the benefits obtained with cooperative transmissions. Using more relays can increase the reach of a link
 having different process times for each product and different penalties for each Product-Package
 at each time slot the network controller should decide whether a user has to cooperate with any relay node or not and if so
 private and public
 the average size of creative industries
 1996). I challenge this conception through the analysis of a case where journalists have politicized a fait divers and have used it to heighten awareness of a social problem. Certainly
 drama can be a powerful learning medium for children with autistic spectrum disorder. The conclusion reflects on the diverse meaning of inclusive practice that can be achieved within specialist settings. {\textcopyright} 2012 The Authors. Support for Learning {\textcopyright} 2012 NASEN."
 public health
 Internet
 which provides evidence for orderly communication of fragmented information era. The value of this new model lies in that it highlights the dynamic nature of mass communication. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 we present activity-centered learning design
 1880-1940: Emerging Media
"Alshahwan
 where we try to maximize two important criteria
 cycle distributions
 this might have some indirect implications to understand the insight of impression management in online communities. Copyright 2012 ACM."
 medium of instruction
 with a wide base of recorded material and diverse plot threads
cited By 1
 the number usage to replace letter
 the Evangelicals' political force and their capacity to define the agenda of the Presidential campaign attracted constant news attention in the lay press. However
 which can be selected from the set of hops that have packets awaiting transmission in the buffer. A packet is then transmitted over the best hop. This hop selection procedure is reminiscent of selection diversity
 the paper argues that dominant geographical imaginations of the local area
 we present a qualitative study using document gathering techniques and ethnographic techniques to account for these technological spaces. The results of the analysis offer a view of these telecenters as ""association stations""
 followed by focus group discussions. The results demonstrate the diversity and hybridity within the Muslim women's identities-with religious
 S and Vijayalakshmi
 which they do with other mobile Internet services. The study reveals cross-medium alerts as a common trigger for mobile social networking sessions. We discuss implications of this user study for future work to promote mobile access to social networking services. {\textcopyright} 2012 ACM."
 Resource Description Framework (RDF) semantic modeling to represent diverse social health and medical experiences
 P and Menezes
 professional ties
 religiosity predicted more benevolent sexist attitudes for both men and women. The findings also revealed negative associations between Jewish religiosity and hostile attitudes
 D X and Guiffrida
 the SAEs do not cluster together in their use of the subjunctive but form a gradient or cline with British English at one end. Similarities between the SAEs emerge from the qualitative analyses. An additional
 focusing on the existing techniques in the device data plane
 battery life that is in constant progress but still low for e-learning applications
 STEM issues are barely on their radar screens. Second
 there are many who are slightly pessimistic to cautiously optimistic. The research paper tries to add to the theoretical knowledge base pertaining to adoption of newer technology of Social Networking amongst the business students at NITIE
 Maximal Ratio combining (MRC) diversity is used to producing an output with an acceptable SNR and best statistical reducing of multipath fading effect. The result of this proposed system
 as are the broader social
 and Facebook in particular
 videos)
cited By 6
 which can perform the coreference resolution in traditional extraction and Open IE. The graphical model uses the discriminative learning Markov Logic Networks that can be configured to perform different sub-tasks of Information Extraction. Meanwhile
 rather
 N"
 political
 sub-themes
 electoral pluralism
 in general
 on Elliott's failure to recognise the importance to Tuk Subianto and his maritime union of the network of decolonising nations
 news/media articles
 and that DI needs to happen before learners should solve problems on their own. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 LLC. 2011."
cited By 83
 anti-system politics and street riots
cited By 8
cited By 3
"Esser
 a new multiprocessor node hardware and software architecture
 known as the Received View on particles non-individuality
 endorsing civil society and community development
 and producing arguments on both sides of various policy proposals. Notably
 and message management). Discriminant analysis showed that blog users placed more value on the ability of being able to personalize content and to be easily accessible by a group of known friends and interested visitors
 upward class mobility
 issue-publics
 simulation results suggest that the corresponding diversity orders are m(K + 1) and (K + 1). {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 could be reduced to the specific ones for various fading models and types of correlation. Important performance measures like outage probability (Pout) and average output signal-to-interference ratio (SIR) will also be determined and graphically illustrated for various values of existing parameters. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 the cooperation between users provides much diversity gain especially while using the new proposed combining algorithm. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 the noise problem can be mitigated by distributing network traffic across multiple vacant channels to reduce the node density per transmission channel. In this paper
 users consume UVS related resources as a service and do not need to own the physical infrastructure
 timely
 LLC."
 the average bit error probability (ABEP) for noncoherent binary differential phase-shift keying (BDPSK) is calculated using the MGF based approach while the ABEP for coherent binary phase-shift keying (BPSK) is studied by averaging the conditional bit error probability over the PDF. Numerical results are graphically presented to show the effects of various system parameters to the system performance
 we present XCML as one example of a domain-specific language that tightly integrates context-aware concepts and adaptivity mechanisms to support developers in the specification and implementation of multi-channel web applications. In contrast to most existing approaches
 are presented. The first version exploits inter-route spectrum diversity
 LLC."
 {\&} Kwak
 as well as to an online database. The site needs to be more user-friendly to provide easier access to the content. The database needs improved search functionality. Clarification with regards to how the web site fits under the mandate of the CWHN is also necessary. {\textcopyright} 2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 for which existing methods are too costly
 and Hispanic youth. Neighborhood measures included economic disadvantage derived from the U. S. Census
 news stories
 we obtain the closed-form asymptotic outage probability and the average symbol error rate expressions at high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR)
 the information is corrupted by noise that follows an IG distribution. We show that such a channel model is appropriate for molecular communication in fluid media. Taking advantage of the available literature on the IG distribution
 occupation
 news were divided in sections: Politics
 reports or at least news about the climate problem and expectations towards the conference. 56 dailies from all the continents published a joint alarming editorial that underlined the urgent problem of the global warming and the need to battle it ""for the humanity's sake"". The majority of those 56 dailies are leftist ones
 enumerates several of those intuitive and connotative criteria in establishing friendship on-line and then designs a recommendation system that fit Twitter-like social networks to help improve the user experience and help user benefit from the architecture and resources from social networks. The recommendation mechanism is developed based on the incorporation of heterophily value and homophily value in establishing friendship into hybrid content and collaborative filtering recommendation algorithm. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 Emerald Group Publishing Limited"
 and special scheme design based on the unique characteristics of SLNC proposed in CodePlay is necessary for future LMS applications in VANET. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 Bruns (2008)
 for political interest
 with subscribers from all over the world. Such a globalization makes user behaviors and demands even more diverse and dynamic
 and based on this metric we demonstrate that Priv-Code achieves stronger privacy protection than the mix system while achieving better network performance. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 which is the main motivation behind an opportunistic multi-channel MAC. Using a TDM based access scheme on the control channel can help remove this bottleneck
 bio-informaticists
cited By 30
 the development of the court system and the labor market have played a significant role in shaping state-media dynamics and offer the state the structural resilience to survive these information challenges. The implications of the new state-media regime are further discussed. {\textcopyright} 2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 political orientations
cited By 3
 we examine the role of local and extralocal networks and population flows as facilitators of neoendogenous development based on our independent studies in northeast England and northern Scotland. This approach highlights the importance of diverse forms of capital in rural economies and examines the role of social networks in the utilization of these resources. In-migrant business owners are a valuable research focus as they provide a link between the ""local"" and the ""extralocal
 adolescents who described pathways indicative of agreement also reported greater readiness for treatment than the adolescents who described compelled or no clear pathways to care. Adolescents who described a Compelled pathway were less likely to meet diagnostic criteria for Conduct Disorder and described fewer social network ties. We were unable to find a relationship between pathways classifications and referral source
 but they involve the organization of complex strategies which included the development of instruments and landscapes that allow the migrations and interweaving between two realities: the urban and the virtual. This project generated an accumulation of unforgettable experiences that turned into a multiplicity of words and images that expanded through informal media or planned strategies. These activities allow reflecting upon the behaviors
 which is based on segmentation threshold and Least Recently Used (LRU). Experimental results show that our design levels the wear of different physical blocks
 LLC."
 including social engagement
"Garner
"Roy
 diversion) as well as intergroup motivations (e.g.
 ""Crank Dat."" Following the illustration of the circulation and recontextualization of Soulja Boy's hit
 identities and representations are constantly changing. The idea and the concept of a brand now extends far beyond its own limits
"Lee
 and (iv) increased alertness to culture. Implications for culturally alert practice are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
cited By 1
 we develop a polynomial complexity approximation algorithm for allocating power and bandwidth
 surveillance
 Normalized Sampled Covariance Matrix (NSCM) and Fixed Point Estimation (FPE) matrix
 technology and innovation in Latin America
 and Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs) etc. have appeared in the literature especially for speech/signal classification/recognition. Recently Dalal et al. have proposed a feature called as Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG) for extracting feature from an image for efficient detection/classification of objects. We extend and apply the HOG for spectrogram of speech signal and hence called as Spectral Histogram of Oriented Gradients (SHOGs). The results of Tamil language male/female speaker classification using SHOGs features shows good improvement in the classification rate when compared to other features. The results of combination of various features with SHOGs are also promissing. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 which in turn demands the development of institutional capabilities The Jordanian experience offers important insights for other small countries that have embraced the neoliberal recipe for development. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 9{\%} White). By relying on six waves of data
 participant observations and student work suggest that the stories about scientists and follow-up reflective activities provided resources for students that helped them: (a) acquire images of scientists from less dominant socio-cultural backgrounds; (b) enrich their views of scientific work from predominantly hands-on/activity-oriented views to ones that includes cognitive and positive affective dimensions. One of the limitations of using stories as a tool to extend students' thinking about science is highlighted in a case study of a student who expresses resistance to some of the counter-stereotypic images presented in the stories. I also present two additional case studies that illustrate how shifts in student' views of the nature of scientific work can change their interest in future participation in scientific work. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
cited By 0
 and strategic government intervention. During the 1990s
 using a multiple mediation model
 this paper explores whether and how the impact of college interracial interactions might vary depending upon students' precollege exposure to diversity. Hierarchical linear modeling analyses were conducted on a 4-year longitudinal sample of 3
 to broach the topic of immigration has been to set his communication machine to work. Here
 there has been little empirically-based scientific knowledge on how to design
 meso-
 Lesson Planning
 I suggest that it is unhelpful to fix our lens on claims of individual empowerment
 have dealt with the clustering problems given the number of clusters (K) in advance. Although some researchers have suggested the EA-based algorithms for unknown K clustering
 comprising low power
 the Bayer Facts surveys examine science education and science literacy issues. The 15th in the series and the fifth to explore diversity and underrepresentation
 which connected workers' struggles to a wider movement for institutional change. However
 and using it creatively to mobilize a reconstruction of a global ""African World View"". This
 dynamics of land use/cover changes was evaluated and a transition matrix was computed to understand the rate and pattern of land use/cover change. Derived land use statistics subsequently integrated with landscape metrics to determine the impact of land use change on landscape fragmentation. Significant changes in land use/cover were noticed in Dhaka over the study period
 largeholders have deforested more than smallholders because they hold larger tracts of land. Recently
500 households from the city of Brandon
 with switches to Creole
 S"
 disambiguating them
 and then discuss how the different use of the English and Chinese language in fact reflects the cultural values or characteristics of the Western and Chinese cultures noted and examined in various cross-cultural studies. This can
 we found systematic differences in size
 were interviewed in same-sex discussion groups of four participants each. The interviews consisted of questions about the uses
 music-related information is extracted and statistically analyzed. We propose and evaluate four co-occurrence-based methods to compute artist similarity scores. Moreover
cited By 1
 and/or (c) the temporal sequential labels on edges. The TSBS method consists of two parts: offline miningand online matching. to the former mines the temporal subgraph patterns for retrieving representative structures that match the query. Then based on the given query
 and admits a natural
 along with other online social networking services such as Foursquare
 interaction types and the social connections among people. In our models a person can belong to multiple communities and a community can participate in multiple topics. This allows us to discover both community interests and user interests based on the information and linked associations. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on two real word data sets and show that it performs better than existing community discovery models."
 both analytically and via simulations
 in terms of highest market share? One may na{\""{I}}vely expect that the better product (stronger virus) will just have a larger footprint
 3GPP LTE specifications have defined mechanisms like connected mode DRX (Discontinuous Reception) which offers two stage of sleep in form of long {\&} short DRX. Since such diverse type of applications are running in smartphone
 scalability problems and overspecialised recommendation. Social networks and other similar websites have new types of data which can be used in recommender systems thus have the potential to overcome these shortcomings. However without a good understanding of the properties and structure of these online social websites
 which include sensitive checking of web site changes
 we propose a novel algorithm based on management of relay nodes' buffer space and the priority concept during relay selection. Simulation results certify that our algorithm outperforms previous ones in terms of system spectrum efficiency
 we differentiate peers' chunk requests according to their playback deadline and propose a set of mechanisms to provide distinct service for diverse requests. The results of simulation experiment demonstrate that EUE principle effectively optimize system performance
 the messages containing actionable items. To build the method for identifying the messages containing actionable items
 the MAC protocol waits for the intended destination to wake up and receive the data. This design makes it difficult to adapt to link dynamics and introduces delays while waiting for the next hop to wake up. In this paper we introduce ORW
cited By 0
 or they report not interacting with others about their views on societal issues at all. We also find that particular forms of online participatory activity
 public space
 and videos
 creates room for more diversity of opinions. The special position of CCTV International in China's media system allowed greater media experiment to be made possible
 use of the expected relative entropy has been limited by the computing and storage requirements associated with high-dimensional numerical integration. Herein
 LLC 2010."
 where factories were a nexus of sociality - in stark reality to the social and economic precariousness faced today by promoters. {\textcopyright} 2012 European Association of Social Anthropologists."
 academicians publishing at international arena do not show any significantly differing socio-cognitive properties
 and locality sensitive hashing (LSH)
 our study is aimed at three objectives. Firstly
 competition and heritage. This paper seeks to address these issues. Design/methodology/approach: In this research paper the authors assessed to what extent the adoption of digital technologies is stimulated throughout the value chain of film making and more precisely to what degree the distribution of a European culturally diverse catalogue of films is encouraged. Findings: For the first time in history
"{Sedef Savas}
 skill
 Inc."
 muscular men
 the second asked the total time spent playing favorite video games (selective players)
 the author frames and analyses the educational characteristics of
 in which Wolof
 and (iii) justifying the introduction of additional mechanisms that render that analysis adequate with respect to a substantially wider set of data types. The proposals made in the present paper strengthen Grosu's central thesis
 it is argued
 LLC."
 findings suggest that those who are more highly skilled with the Internet are more likely to use it for health information seeking
 but others express the need to take into account differences between women in the definition of feminism and emancipation. This article analyses a popular Dutch feminist magazine and how it defines feminism in relation to religion and culture. The article undertakes an in-depth analysis of how the notions of religion
 decreasing
 spelling pronunciation
 as well as the physical ghettoization and expulsion of Jews from Italian cities enacted by Church authorities
 a cooperative transmission mechanism is adopted to collect different mixtures of the K original packets in the following slots. After that
 and better prepare future professionals to address health challenges with culturally appropriate care. Based on the works of Chinese philosophers
 and orthogonal space-time block coding (OSTBC) methods. We also compared its performance to that of Hadamard spreading diversity. Alamouti coding performs better than the proposed technique at the second order of transmit diversity
 and problem solving were also identified as significant results of the approach taken. The strength of this paper centres on the capacity of student-defined criterion assessment to evidence learning
 M and Saman
 and evoke visceral appreciation for the vulnerabilities inherent in violating the borders of acceptable anthropological genres. The story shared here seeks to explore the ways cultural knowledge can derive from a personally revealing approach to fieldwork
 an Arab-Israeli author and journalist. Arab Labor was a breakthrough in the Israeli popular TV scape
 including the changing nature of library and information science education
 diversity
 the 2rcMAC protocol transmits directly to the destination node and invokes the secondary relay path for backup transmission only. Furthermore
 cross layer optimization spanning the medium access control (MAC) and networking layers besides the physical layer is essential to satisfy the emerging applications of VANETS ranging from safety
 excluding those individuals who have the largest stake in the conversation. This paper examines an effort to foster a more inclusive dialogue by means of a simple technology: an interactive voice forum. Called CGNet Swara
"Almiron
 are spread across a 'digital spectrum'. (Lenhart {\&}Horrigan
 violence
 MSNBC)
 differences between domestic and the world
 and policymakers have directed minority language media practices in response to their own shifting conceptions of an existing
 LLC 2009."
 who joined together across diverse ethnic backgrounds and started a media production NGO with shared class interests. MWTV has produced television shows
 F and Yang
 diversity
 we use the output of intentionally generated write collisions in synchronous dual-ported block RAMs (BRAM). We show that the parts of this output generated by such write collisions can be either probabilistic but also deterministic and device-specific. The characteristics of such an entropy source can be used for a large variety of security applications
 LLC."
 LLC 2011."
 such programs should emphasize self-acceptance
 LLC 2011."
 JMF and SAX Parser and is composed of seven modules. When presentation is completed
 the contribution of girls to this feminist blogosphere remains understudied. In this paper
 on several feature-length video streams. The tests reveal not only how one of the proposed strategies
 highways
 LLC 2011."
 abstractionism
 Canada
 and college students were consulted to identify 110 items receiving high endorsement. In Study 2
 there was a stronger positive association between educational utility beliefs and grades for boys reporting lower religious importance
 and 53{\%} non-Hispanic white) sample of 2
 and provides some comparative perspectives on the Nepali case. {\textcopyright} 2012 ASEN/Blackwell Publishing Ltd."
 which correspond to the document-level and passage-level evidence for passage retrieval
 and producing preaching performances that reflect that awareness. The article compares two preachers active in diverse settings. One made a career out of preaching in the emerging contexts of West Java's bureaucracy
 this study assesses the effect of static measures of threat (the size of a minority population at 1 point in time)
 parenting practices
 South Africa
 by assessing whether perceived teacher support
 data protection and information privacy legislation
 as well as family patterns of anger expression that are crucial in understanding socialization processes. Although some of the themes reflected in their narratives parallel the beliefs of educated
 more affluent compared to other communities in terms of family income and housing values. Are gated communities then simply a new form of suburban communities? Is the gated community in fact a suburban community with the added element of security features? The paper investigates these questions based on segregation and spatial analyses. The research contributes to the long line of studies on suburbanization
 and cooperation to achieve seamless service provision. Challenging issues which arise at different layers of the network protocol stack are discussed
 cultural values
 conservative governments that were susceptible to the pressures from small- and medium-sized business associations absorbed the effects of the ECJ ruling by enacting quick and minor amendments. Third
 according to Article 26 TFEU
 have not found this to be the case. To the contrary
 on the Facebook social network. We identify and discuss the affordances of this platform with respect to support for play
 measurable violence in the society suggesting that blog content can be an indicator of the health or state of the affected population. We also found that people exhibited a collective identity when they blogged about war
 I seek to understand the nature of the NIC's coordinated collaborative action and uncover mechanisms that facilitate consequential joint work. {\textcopyright} 2012 Author."
 chats
 time
 where they also reduce the number of terms required for effective query expansion
 these techniques are not enough efficient and in some cases make problems and bring limitations to users. Our method is based on a combination of content based filtering and collaborative filtering methods. It is created by selecting related features of users based on supervised entropy as well as using association rules and classification method. Supposing users in each community or group share similar characteristics
 answers to political questions are a matter of sheer personal preference. Others have rejected (2)
 which was involved in the project from the beginning
 ""Google Image Labeler."" The design of the game is studied through a close reading of arguments made by its designers followed by an Internet study of what users and critics say about their interactions with the game. These studies
 focusing on participants' strategies for maintaining boundaries between their personal and professional lives. {\textcopyright} 2012 Authors."
 Y.-L. and Bai
cited By 4
 text messages
392 students from the National Longitudinal Study of Freshmen. The results suggest that religiosity
 LLC."
"Batou
 but also references to science and technology in other kind of articles
 commented on each others' practices
 suggesting that his concern for ecological diversity and grassroots control serve as an important warning against the uncritical valorization of sites such as YouTube. Guerrilla Television serves as a reminder that it is called YouTube
 in this paper
 these sundry criteria thus jockey for authority
 children enacted femininities and masculinities and negotiated character roles with peers in ways that enforced and contested gender expectations circulated in media marketing and enacted in play groups. Findings indicate that doll play is a productive pedagogy for mediating gendered identity texts circulating through global media and for creating spaces for diverse gender performances in early childhood settings. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2011."
 craftsmen and students who set out on the hajj to Mecca in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Drawing on sources from the private archive of this lodge
 teaching and assessment practice in-house
 asylum seekers have experienced prejudice
 we propose a new approach B6-SVM to detect anomalies for packet-level traffic on a single link. The basic idea of B6-SVM is to diagnose anomalies in a multi-dimensional view of traffic features using Support Vector Machine (SVM). Through two-phase classification
 sexual orientation
 but much more besides. Today
 so that
 and uplanders' strategies of state evasion. This article finds that the integration of the uplands into the Vietnamese polity should be understood as an ongoing struggle between nation-building and state expansion characterised by grand visions on the one hand
 and multiple contexts that must be considered concurrently by junior faculty members as they progress through the stages of their tenure-earning appointment in the academy. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
"Garrison-Wade
 evaluation
cited By 8
cited By 3
 with some spill-over effects from individual well-being toward the assessment of society. Most notably
 creative cultural divergence might be replicated to improve science teaching worldwide. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 it appears that most US comedies that are successful in the States
000 felons sentenced to state prison and 65
 LLC."
 improving civil and criminal justice institutions efficiency or extending transport infrastructures). {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
cited By 8
 plains
 political and religious differences within each state influence residents' votes on gay marriage bans. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 a genetic methodology is developed to accurately evaluate the diversity gain achieved in the mobile terminal from both power level approach and correlation approach. Throughout the simulations and measurements
 limit the range of available representations of Venus and Serena Williams. The author also suggests that this kind of public scrutiny produces racialized images and narratives constitutive of ""race talk
 or are driven by the same ingredients; and (3) two-objective swarm optimization to identify flavors which are well and consistently liked by a selected segment of assessors. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
 and (3) structural constraints
cited By 8
 which presented massive expansion during the last decades and significant institutional competition in recent years. The study provides a longitudinal approach and analyzes in detail the evolution of diversification and specialization of the public and private sectors
 including a ""moral hesitation"" some have to allowing broader application of the concept of life to include artificial life. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 or a combination. Push-based systems achieve reasonable latency and high resilience to failures but may impose an unnecessarily large redundancy and overhead on the system. At the other extreme
 5.1{\%} Hispanic
 ability beliefs
 the cloud platform needs to provide flexible mechanisms for the users to express the constraints (access rules) subject to which the data should be shared
 White Irish and Black Caribbean groups experience the slowest growth and lose population share; the Other White and Mixed groups to experience relative increases in share; South Asian groups grow strongly as do the Chinese and Other Ethnic groups. The ethnic minority share of the population increases from 13{\%} (2001) to 25{\%} in the trend projection but to only 20{\%} under our modified emigration projection. However
 and family structure) and individual characteristics (i. e.
 more debate is required to address the appropriate balance between the desire to draw a broadly interpretable picture on general conceptions of a specific group in society versus the acknowledgment of the complex and diverse realities that children in this group face. Future research should also be directed towards addressing the data limitations for diversified child poverty approaches. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 10th graders participated in between 2 and 3 extracurricular activities
 and also to split the flight phase in several sub-phases to correctly model requested positions in the air. Divers are modeled as multibody systems with actuators and damper elements at each joint. For the solution of the optimal control problem we use efficient direct multiple shooting methods based on the boundary value problem approach. The optimization results can be used to generate motions in computer graphics or robotics
 and DIF did not contribute to the differences of vitality and role-emotional between black and white older TBI patients. SF-36 was valid to measure quality of life (OoL) after TBI in racially diverse elderly population. Blacks tend to assert to strong coping behaviors in the presence of physical stress while admitting low performance due to emotional stress. In QoL research where the primary outcomes are usually composite scores from instruments
 and then propose a linear bias compensation and a discriminative compensation to deal with the bias problem that is inherent in lattice-based confidence measurement and from which the Term specific Threshold (TST) approach suffers. We tested the proposed technique on speech data from the multi-party meeting domain with two state-of-the-art STD systems based on phonemes and words respectively. The experimental results demonstrate that the confidence normalisation approach leads to a significant performance improvement in STD
 nominating up to five areas important to QoL. Participants then described why they perceived areas as important. Frequencies of links mentioned between areas were recorded. At time two
 Chile and Spain). The scales are the PWI (Cummins
cited By 7
 in general
 they will deliver differently. The vision of a Pan-African Economic Community is not likely to be realised before the deadline of 2028. However
 EL1 South African (SA) children (n = 42) and English-as-second-language (ESL) South African children (n = 37). The ESL SA and EL1 UK groups were generally commensurate in terms of phonological processing and working memory skills
 journalists
"Lacy
cited By 1
155 members of this national minority are registered in this region the study covered ca. 5{\%} of the whole population. Descriptive statistics and variant analysis were used to analyze data. The study has confirmed that respondents
 uID DS
 content
"Murumaa
 cognitive radio offers an efficient way to enhance spectrum utilization. However
 we designed a novel labeling heuristic based on partially supervised learning to extract high-quality positive and negative examples from unlabeled datasets.The empirical evaluation results from two large hate group web forums suggest that our proposed approach generally outperforms the benchmark techniques and exhibits more stable performance. {\textcopyright} 2011 ASIS{\&}T."
 communication
 social networking sites (SNS)
"Tanc
 journalists and commentators from across the UK. The rising profile of community organising flies in the face of much scholarship in the social sciences which has long declared the death of geographical community - and its socio-political significance - in the modern metropolis. The paper provides an overview of this literature and highlights the particular importance of population turnover
 in media usage patterns and sense of community. The findings demonstrate that evacuees use diversity and multiplicity of media
 social data
 news as a whole declines while deliberation
 and often contain a huge number of links. This linkage structure encodes rich structural information about the topical behavior of the network. Such networks are often dynamic and evolve rapidly over time. Much of the work in the literature has focused on classification either with purely text behavior or with purely linkage behavior. Furthermore
 LLC."
 to demonstrate this mythological status of immediacy. {\textcopyright} 2012 Taylor and Francis Group
 comparatively little research that examines the family and caring relationships of these ethnic minority older people
 therefore
"" and the role of hip-hop culture in creating new possibilities for urban youth in science. The discussion of hip-hop in urban schooling is grounded in the concept of social capital to explain what makes hip-hop youth who they are and how this knowledge can become a tool for supporting their academic success. Specifically
"Yow
 T"
 a culturally diverse sample of adolescents who were in the Sixth through Eighth Grades completed measures assessing these variables. Results suggested that variables such as maternal warmth
 and culture of readers' own institutions at the forefront of the planning and implementation process. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
 called ""learning as response
 and sexuality. Negative connotations about gaming lead people to not identify as gamers
 we can provide efficient access within compressed space. The Lempel-Ziv index (LZ-index) of Navarro is a compressed full-text self-index able to represent T using 4uH k (T)+o(ulog∈$\sigma$) bits of space
 (2) what myths and sensitivities they share in constructing their professional and/or geographic homelands
 and so the feedback. The obtained global performance by using proposed VMRT outperforms other schemes. Diversity gains larger than 6 can be easily obtained with a reduced number of relays. For this reason
 and maintain full diversity order. Simulation results demonstrate that the performance of the proposed scheme with a low complexity approaches to the optimal iteration method. And for practical situation with distance attenuation factor
 and community-based knowledge. This article presents a conjectured learning trajectory for prospective teachers' (PSTs') development related to integrating children's multiple mathematical knowledge bases (i. e.
 in order to reduce the number of the estimated and combined paths. To this aim
 beyond the apparent consensus of a scientific community
 under leadership of HHMI Professor Isiah M. Warner
 also converges with social
 LLC 2011."
 study and use of Spanish scientific instrument collections. Major aims in this project are promoting a better coordination of Spanish projects in this field
 two and three). While these rules all select two best antennas at the relay to maximize the SNR of relay-destination link. They have different selection criteria at the source. Rule one maximizes the SNR of source-relay link but ignores source-destination link. Oppositely
 a primary path is set up for normal transmission
 substantial differences in people's underlying conceptual frameworks are revealed. In particular we find that despite widespread shared appreciation of the environment and culture Down East
 interdependence and target vulnerable groups
 worry
 through the analysis and simulation
 this study attempts to introduce four types of fuzzy synthetic decision methods in actual scores for evaluating and ranking student's academic achievement. Using the synthetic decision method of fuzzy theory
 trait
 but is determined during the posterior inference process. This allows our model to grow with the level of polysemy (and visual diversity) of images. The same set of components is used to model all images
 and a two-step design procedure is adopted. Specifically
 transmission power and routing. In order to assign channel appropriately
cited By 5
 i.e.; how to determine an efficient relay-based routing path between a Mobile Station (MS) and a MR-BS. This paper thus proposes an IEEE 802.16j-conformed relay-based adaptive competitive on-line routing approach that focuses on the Non-Transparent Relay-Station (NT-RS) mode
 are derived in closed form for flat Rayleigh fading channels. Comparisons with the well-known distributed relaying schemes are conducted. Numerical results demonstrate that DmF-based IR with quantized feedback serves as a promising solution for low-complexity power-limited wireless networks. {\textcopyright} 2012 IEEE."
 the FLC meeting structure
 although the increase persists in the medium term. {\textcopyright} 2012 John Wiley {\&} Sons
 which can be compared to state-of-the-art methods based on invariant color features. Through the FCD a better understanding of compression-based techniques is achieved
 J.-H. and Lee
 home gateway
 it can adapt itself to diverse requirements given by the concerned wireless communication standards. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 by adapting the cluster size and extending the cooperation between the cluster-heads. The performance comparison between the proposed system and a non-cooperative scheme is presented based on network lifetime for varying propagation scenarios
 the exact formulation using the convolutional approach requires 2 + N B + (N B × N I ) nested integrals
 Facebook
 there is little systematic documentation of social media data and webometric analysis in relation to Korean and broader Asian innovation communities. In this short communication
"Deandrea
 {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2013."
 such as the social media websites
 while unexpected network configurations can be tied to information novelty. We use a simulation model to explain the observed correspondence between the evolution of a network's structure and the information it carries. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2012 ACM."
 resource-deficient politicians are more likely to take advantage of Twitter's potential as an alternative means of political participation and that a small number of Twitter users lead political discourse in the Twittersphere. We also examined the occurrence and co-occurrence of politicians' names in Twitter posts
 if not immediately obvious common interest or purpose. Web 2.0 tools and digital networks are becoming increasingly ubiquitous in many aspects of contemporary society
 but is also reflected in the interconnectedness of different devices. In order to understand the design dimensions for further Social TV applications
 specifically the Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) format
 UK (design students in Sheffield and Salford) and New Zealand (architecture students in Auckland) where participating lecturers have established partnerships aimed at exploring the potential of integration of collaborative m-learning in higher education. The focus of the project is on pedagogical strategies for cross-boundary
 we introduce a new time-aware feature
 on which publishers can build consumer loyalty and trust. Digital publishing lets publishers maximize the value of the content they own and leverage this with digital techniques for content discoverability and marketing. Digital publishing also makes creative collaboration easier. This combination of things challenges conventions and suggests a new publishing model
 and social media. It argues that the uprisings' success in overthrowing incumbent regimes depended on the latter's responses and relationships with the army and security services. The rebellions' inclusiveness or lack thereof was also a crucial factor. The article discusses the prospects of democracy in the Arab world following the 2011 events and finds that they are very mixed: while Tunisia
 verbal
 and a large number of institutional ties relative to business ties
 or analysing available theory and research (McIntyre 2011) to derive online teaching approaches relevant to their own situations. Similarly
"Binderkrantz
 in the form of Facebook's edgerank system
 this approach has several weaknesses
 which may inhibit the effectiveness of local economic development efforts. To address these challenges and more effectively utilize resources
 LLC."
"Taneja
 long-running batch jobs for which MapReduce was origi-nally designed. As interactive
 while the ""business case"" is that diversity enables competitive advantage in the global marketplace via improved performance and access to new markets. Diverse leaders can influence the aspirations and advancement of underrepresented groups
 Twitter
cited By 5
"Sailer
 information retrieval
 LLC."
 the text will be divided in four sections. The first one deals with the recent developments of foreign policymaking in Brazil
cited By 8
 key sensitivity analysis
 albeit with humour
 its permeability and its effective thermal conductivity the minimum rate of entropy production is obtained. {\textcopyright} 2012 Newswood Limited. All rights reserved."
 such as developments in the actual routines of news gathering and production. Finally
 we prove that any task can be solved using only a logarithmic combination of these subtasks and primitive actions. Experimental results show that the subtasks we generate outperform other popular subtask generation schemes on standard domains. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2012
 and dynamic environments. Furthermore
 faculty and staff
 with both general as well as domain-specific custom-made techniques. In this paper
 especially in contexts of low institutionalization
 young British Muslims sought alternative arenas and modes of political debate and engagement. They expressed their dissent from the suffocating politics of security in informal ways that were deemed efficacious in their own terms. While a sense of loss of status and respect
 administrators
 and employs transaction-cost economics as a framework for interpreting indications of increasing consolidation. Changes in religious radio may in turn suggest how liberalized rules have affected ownership and media access in other niche formats. {\textcopyright} 2012 Taylor and Francis Group
 news/ media articles
 while for other paths and cycles these values differ. We show that the gap between these values can be arbitrarily large even for graph based access structures. We present a general on-line secret sharing scheme that we call first-fit. Its complexity is the maximal degree of the access structure.We show
 product marketing to information dissemination. Our emphasis is on intuition behind each topic
 we build location probability maps for commonly used image tags over the entire globe. These maps reflect the collective picture-taking and tagging behaviors of thousands of users from all over the world. We further study the geographic entropy and frequency of user tags as geo-inference features and investigate the usefulness of using these features for selecting geographically meaningful annotations. On the other hand
 where the target concept is normally unknown. Under decision tree induction algorithms an interesting source of instability that sometimes is neglected by researchers is the number of classes in the training set. This paper uses simulation to extended a previous work performed by Leo Breiman about properties of splitting criteria. Our simulation results have showed the number of best-splits grows according to the number of classes: exponentially
 Tuban and Garut regions. This paper studies the connotative implications of Batik's cultural significations that pass on from older to younger generations revealing the importance of visuality and touch in constructing meaning within certain cultures."
cited By 0
 the use of legal proceedings against journalists and media groups calls for attention on the levels of democratic pluralism. Thirdly
 seek-ing a transcultural visual solution to the problem of visual integration. Can any perceivable phenomenon become a conveyor of meaning? While language is based very much on common agreements
 P B and Yeary
 graphics and audio based around W3C recommendations to meet the needs of people who require diversity of accessibility features of reading materials to share human knowledge and provides much easier access to content for the print disabled. Thus
 a predominant case of verydark- brown iris images
 which is a supervised learning algorithm for token classification problems. ETL has been applied to a wide range of problems
 X"
 incidental
"Xu
"Cappiccie
 yet findings suggest that substantial room for improvement remains. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science + Business Media
 although the importance of cooperation and information change had to repeat several times- as if it would be not self-evident for different authorities. What should be reconstructed after this research is the organization of leadership
 utilitarianism
 but the opportunity for stimulating
 LLC."
 there has been a dramatic increase in the availability of source material archived and accessible from the Internet. Specifically
 and therefore focuses on the study of external factors. In contrast
 there have been few efforts to tackle multiculturalism as a crucial political project or a considerable academic theme of discussion. Thus
 dual polarized antenna
 the effect of diversity combining on the network is studied by investigating two cases of maximal ratio combining (MRC) and selection combining (SC) equipped at the destination. To this end
 where the transmit data at all antennas can be generated in time domain directly via one N-point IFFT. The simulation results show that
 desires
cited By 13
 and then discuss how to use them to derive diversification methods. The key challenge here is how to define an appropriate coverage function given a query and a set of search results. To address this challenge
 and ponder. This paper turns to those tangible products of our scholarly activities. The titles
 and W.G. Sebald's novel Austerlitz
 hosting meetings and events
 many being willing to contemplate bans. Final-year students show up as somewhat more supportive of political freedom of expression than first-year students
 video
 rent or sell their lands
cited By 32
 and civil law in Quebec). A recent addition to Canada's family policy is Bill C-38
 our results show that novelty does not bring significant improvements
 often conflicting
cited By 4
 and reproduction. We see learning not as a project of transformation of identity
 with customary rights and local histories forged through 'common knowledge'
 and Nakagami
 the outage performance of the proposed scheme is investigated and a closed-form upper bound on the outage probability is derived. The performance analysis shows that the proposed scheme can achieve a full diversity order
 LLC."
 LLC. 2010."
cited By 1
 were assessed. The most important factors
 ""Subject Matter (Hard Skills)""
 higher education practitioners in such newly 'academic' disciplines can still find traditional professional identities more reliable conferrers of meaning than academic ones. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 including support for multiple listeners
 the mean square output envelope
 pitch
 making it a good candidate for high resolution real time video coding
 discursive and deliberative approaches
 latent topic models achieve competitive diversification with significantly less reranking. Finally
 in addition to the binary encoded objects
 LLC."
 an SPL has to satisfy different and sometimes contradicting requirements regarding non-functional properties. Usually
 it suffers from the problem known as 'dimensionality curse' as the size of skyline query result set can grow exponentially with the number of dimensions. Therefore
 play
 Melbourne community radio is a vibrant and active mix of much that represents Australia-and the contemporary global condition. This article draws on data collected during two national studies of Australia's community media sector (Forde
 namely those arising from the formalistic normativistic inheritance (confounding legal autonomy with isolationism)
 drawn primarily from the experience learned from the Vejle Digital Schools project. It is important to focus on teachers
 and the high power efficiency of the CPMSC- FDE system and the performance improvements due to chaotic interleaving. The BER performance of the CPM-SC-FDE system with and without chaotic interleaving is evaluated by computer simulations. Also
 their education during adolescence predicted their differential odds of college attendance seven years later. Sisters were more likely than brothers to attend college
 the proposed LSTF architecture has much lower hardware processing speed and complexity than the conventional LSTF. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 and it associates with an alternative expression of Gaussian Q-function. In addition
 the construction of the integral images on the CPU may be computationally expensive. Hence
 findings suggest that although anger can increase children's vulnerability to problem behaviors
 different other persons wearing Santa's hat (politicians
 noise-resistance and diversity. Scalability has a twofold meaning: first an automatic image annotation system should be scalable with respect to billions of images on the Web; second it should be able to automatically identify several relevant tags among a huge tag set for a given image within seconds or even faster. Noise-resistance means that the system should be robust enough against typos and ambiguous terms used in tags. Diversity represents that image content may include both scenes and objects
 ̂$\Psi$ is a measure of anisotropy in the equation
 Telkom begin to implement eLearning as an alternative method of learning. It started with the implementation of distance learning class room using video conference in the middle of year 2001 and followed by computer based training using CD ROM and next one is eLearning. The last mentioned method now becomes the ideal solution to fulfill the needs of human competence development besides class room training. ELearning not only solved cost limitation issues
 we adopt a system-level perspective and analyze a new design for a rotary-wing micro air vehicle that utilizes gyroscopic dynamics for attitude control. Unlike traditional vehicles where attitude control moments are generated by aerodynamic control surfaces
 overweight). As hypothesized
 that is
 each terminal proactively selects a partner for cooperation and lets it transmit simultaneously so that this mitigates interference from nearby terminals
 ironically
cited By 0
 most notably in languages other than English. These gaps have important implications for knowledge construction in L2 writing. {\textcopyright} 2012
 and community leaders and these broad interests led to the creation of diverse content on organized labor in the nation's newspapers. For some publishers
 and previous teacher
 despite the intentions of a re-orientation in its growth model
"Jin
 or complex can be implied from the structure of the space. The structure of the SND space as determined by a clustering algorithm and a fuzzy inference system are then used to assign visual complexity labels and values to the images respectively. Experiments on Corel 1000A dataset
 libraries have received investments and increases of approximately 12 percent above inflation over the period with significant increases in nearly every area of library operation. Library staffing is being diversified
 TLB strengthens varying diversity of contention window
 the average signal-to-noise ratio can be improved with the aid of a generalized selection combiner with the highest number of strongest paths. {\textcopyright} 2012 Praise Worthy Prize S.r.l.-All rights reserved."
 and very small peasant farms or subsidiary plots. The paper compares five case studies
 in particular
 a phenomenon occurring more frequently (especially in academic ICTD efforts)
Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science
 to name a few
 has increased the complexity of mobile security. There are many research groups
"Becker
 and later from such diverse critics as eugenicists and newly prof essionalized social workers. Nevertheless
 A C O and Idigo
"Hussain
 is proposed which features a novel crossover operator
 wiki tools and other methods of communication also formed part of the process. The wide range of learning experiences ensured that student participants were challenged to use a diversity of literacy skills and communication techniques. In this article
 Y J"
 S K and Panda
 photos
 and develop two user-based similarity measurements
 we introduce an edge-weighting mechanism for the fusion of heterogeneous modalities. We evaluate our summaries with a new protocol that tests for representativeness and diversity using image geo-coordinates and is independent of the need for human evaluators. The experiments
 the raise of real-time building recognition or retrieval system becomes a challenging problem. The most recent approaches are to recognize buildings by the street-view images; however
 time
 and (4) studying human subjective satisfactions to guide the system adaptation. This study is expected to output research results significant for next-generation systems
 a system like ours is a valid alternative for social interactions when apart. We hope that our insights can stimulate future research on socially-aware multimedia tools and applications. {\textcopyright} 2011 ACM."
 and (ii) frame-to-sequence. The grouped sparse coefficients are further combined with frame quality scores to generate key frames. Extensive experiments are performed on videos from actual end users. Results obtained by the proposed approach compare favorably with existing methods to confirm its effectiveness. Copyright 2011 ACM."
 such as profile information
 A and H{\'{e}}rault
 by setting different thresholds
"Kuo
 we compared two recent precoders (max-dmin and P-OSM) based on the minimal Euclidean distance criterion. We demonstrated the full diversity of P-OSM and simulated the BER. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 and to establish if various diversity techniques will assist in mitigating the effects of interference and fading in this environment. In this paper
 compared to a scheme that is oblivious of the client screen resolution diversity. {\textcopyright} Authors 2012."
 date and time etc. We address the capture of another interesting type of implicit metadata
 scale
 documents
 and demand resources) with current centralized electricity systems. We conclude that the technical and economical evaluation of centralized energy resources is applicable to decentralized energy resources
 thus are suitable for implementation in practical protocols. For the MAC layer
 the issue of robust trust inference and update become critical. Unfortunately
 social networking and scaffolding in group collaboration. In this work we present an analysis of advantages in using P2P networks to better support group collaborative processes. In our analysis
 to fully support dynamic and collaborative tasks of vehicular social networks. The multi-layer architecture design of the framework fully supports self-adaptive applications in vehicular social network environments
 we collect a dataset of 1.8 billion tweets
 and a 100-point slider. Our analysis draws upon 12
 and identified what were the reasons for communication between the different roles. We also found that these interactions typically involved a core of requirements analysts and testers in close communication
 a facial photo
 do different egonetwork topologies exhibit homophily along different attributes? How can we quantify and investigate these differences? To this end
 we put more effort into ranking the mined trajectory patterns and diversifying the ranking results. Through leveraging the relationships among users
 diversity and representative into account and calculates the diverse score based on both the feature similarity and semantic similarity. The experimental results show its superior performance. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 and entertainment purposes (Smith
 diverse and representative photos of hot events are chosen for users by photo clusters ranking. Experiments conducted on Flickr photos demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach and our approach can also be used to facilitate user searching and browsing photos by hot events. {\textcopyright} 2011 Binary Information Press December
"Hansson
 especially sensitive relationship with others on OSNs. Existing anonymization techniques in publishing online social data are focused on user identities
 and others. In addition
cited By 1
 peer and parental pressure play a significant role in this process."
 ad-hoc forensic investigations conducted by amateurs online. In this paper
 networking value
 they often engage the viewers perceptually
 being asymmetrical and heterogeneous
 save the information
 because social network has grown very quickly
 making common tweet processing tasks simpler. The second
 a flexible integrated authentication and access control facility is strongly needed. To solve these problems
 the information about friends and groups can be used in the recommendation algorithm. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 our user study shows that the application can also induce more TV content consumption by driving users' curiosity in the ranking process."
 cliques). The Kirton Adaption-Innovation Inventory (KAI) was used to assess cognitive style
 presenting a propagation model for it. We take full account of social networks'characteristics and human dynamics
 each vertex is usually associated with not only a vertex identity but also a community identity
"Price
"van der Wurff
"{Van Der Meer}
 or not based on ratings (random recommendations). The user responses to each type of recommendation indicate that social recommendations are better than non-social recommendations
 and exchange contacts and follow as main kinds of online behaviors
 N and Sampaio
 we demonstrate how to compute conditional entropy efficiently on speech lattices using first- and second-order expectation semirings. We demonstrate improvements in terms of word error rate over other adaptation techniques when adapting a maximum entropy language model from broadcast news to MIT lectures. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
300 tweets. Our algorithm achieved varying degrees of success on each of the users
 providing dependable performance over the printer's life in production printing environments. HP's Optical Media Advance Sensor and the associated navigation and servo correction algorithms first introduced in the HP Designjet Z6100 and since continuously upgraded in following Designjet printers to enable faster media move and improved system reliability over broader operating ranges
 We created you from a single pair of a male and a female and made you into nations and tribes that you may know each other"" [49:13]. In this regard
 but organizations can become captive to factional interests. The critical factors for resilience are associated with a benign side of factions (a plurality of inclusive ties) and the presence of keystone bridging agents. Each offers hidden mechanisms for neutralizing the effects of fragmentation by providing a cohesive capability which remains latent until crises call for collective action. {\textcopyright} 2011 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 H and Ralescu
 which may be considered secondary filters. {\textcopyright} 2011 (Joan Pedro)."
 which may be considered secondary filters. {\textcopyright} 2011 (Joan Pedro)."
 in order to provide a method for expressing fine-grained access control policies that are based on uncertain evidences. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 further analysis on the relationship between students' individual differences and knowledge construction and the extent of participation suggests that there is a gender difference in and correlation between age and knowledge construction behavior. Implications and limitations are discussed while pedagogical suggestions for instructors using SNS as an online discussion tool for teaching activity in adult and continuing education are also proposed."
 we are able to study the cost of disagreement in these models relative to a social optimum. We provide a tight bound on the cost at equilibrium relative to the optimum
 to share different or even diverse information
cited By 9
 such as a featured artist or epoch. Meanwhile
 we can extend it naturally for tackling the general $\kappa$-partition problem directly without having to tackle multiple 2-partition subproblems like what other methods do. We then propose a convex relaxation scheme to give an iterative algorithm which solves a simple quadratic program in each iteration. We empirically compare our method with some related methods and find that our method is both scalable and competitive in performance via maintaining a good tradeoff between efficiency and quality."
 the smart phone or perhaps even Facebook? Or was it the digital coding of information
 as the European institutions urged in their latest Directive in 2010. This article addresses three issues that demonstrate the need for and advantages of applying co-regulation practices to guarantee the protection of minors
 H and Ralescu
 abandonment
 from media verisimilitudes: they are understood by media audiences as having control over the believable rather than the ""real"". 9862 {\textcopyright} John Benjamins Publishing Company."
cited By 1
 we apply RANSAC not to the motion of tracked features but rather to a number of segments of image projections. The key insight of the second method involves reliably classifying salient points into foreground and background
 fuzzy and neural network gives an output
 for story boundary identification. Experimental results show that the PLSA based methods bring a significant performance boost to story segmentation and the cross entropy based DP approach provides the best performance. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2011 ISCA."
 English is the official language and medium of instruction and Setswana is the national lingua franca which is used for formal occasions in the villages and other informal settings. Any other languages spoken by unrecognised tribes are banned from use in schools or the media
 and that an approach utilizing social capital theory shows promise as a model with which to improve the diversity of the engineering field. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 confidence is not trust. Both may place the individual at risk; however
"Kayali
 is more correlated with retention than is information diversity. Field interviews suggest that friends can serve as advocates in critical situations
 as these small countries negotiate their places in the economic trading blocs of the Central American Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA) and the European Union (EU)
 an interaction concept developed for WantEat suit of applications
 providing stability of measures with reduced sample size
 as well as some simple recommenders based on there
 the piece selection policies are implemented in the BitTorrent Transmission client
 such as women's movement from the private domain of domestic life to the more public domain of work as well as the many changes in the forms of mass media since the 1950s
"Mikolov
"Spalletta
 our study combines methods and includes diverse media in the sample. Both quantitative analysis (content analysis) and qualitative analysis (critical discourse analysis) of news items about GMOs
 motion
 heterogeneous
 systematic reviewed of its structural coordination. The results showed that the sort of the technological innovation capability of seven enterprises changed. Evaluation of the technological innovation capability of structural coordination is help to overcome the shortcomings of traditional evaluation method
 slope
 with the presence of the cover-medium
 parents and students alike. Drawing on speaker-centred and ethnographic approaches in sociolinguistic research
cited By 1
 and restoration. Central to reintegrative shaming at the initial contact point of the criminal justice system in Japan are apology and diversion by the local police. Citing juvenile delinquency cases reported in a major national newspaper in Japan
"WMSCI 2011 - The 15th World Multi-Conference on Systemics
 2009). Delivering an ABA curriculum within a Welsh context raises issues regarding how ABA interventions work in a non-Anglo-American cultural and linguistic context. We describe one part of the program
 the diversity of generations is strictly measured by the entropy H in Thermo Dynamical Genetic Algorithm (TDGA). With the measure H
 investigators should carry out additional work to select data needed for an actual investigation
 and technological factors that would play a role in the effectiveness of this learning model as perceived by its users. This paper addresses this need by proposing an integrated and a holistic model that depicts the factors that may have the potential to impact the perceived mobile learning effectiveness. To operationalize the model constructs
 BF with multi-AP diversity and BF without multi-AP diversity. Performance evaluations and comparisons are presented in terms of throughput and average packet delay. {\textcopyright} 2011
cited By 24
 through examples and applications in university assessment
"Boutte
 family
 the practice of essentializing education majors because of their perceived deficiencies born of privilege are inaccurate and unproductive. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 LLC."
 staff selection
"Song
 environmental sciences and engineering
cited By 1
 interventionist and qualitative
 suppression of discussions since 1970 and the personality-based conflicts of the Mahathir years have concealed. A proper understanding of these dynamics
 cultural
 social justice and public policy in Jamaica. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 we propose BERET
 contention level can be effectively reduced
 planning and management of education is not adapted to the needs and realities of target populations. What such an educational approach has succeeded in achieving is to cultivate a culture of near-total dependence and consumerism. In minority language situations where mother tongue education is still primarily in the hands of private institutions and individuals
 business uncertainty
 participate fully in creating a more responsible society? However
 as do white students who were involved in extracurricular activities in which blacks are the majority. Participating in extracurricular activities dominated by blacks is also associated with more positive views of the impact of affirmative action on academic standards expressed as students were leaving college. Although there is evidence that both stereotypes and social distance towards groups are mitigated by intergroup contact
 manufacturing
 raise their level of perceived trust
 our study examines how Environmental Non-Governmental Organisations (ENGOs) in two developing countries use collaborative technologies to co-ordinate and collaborate with diverse and distributed stakeholders towards achieving shared environmental goals. This paper explores how collaborative technologies can transform eco-collaborative efforts and influence the achievement of environmental objectives. Our investigation is viewed from an Actor-Network Theory (ANT) perspective which reveals the emerging roles and limitations of collaborative technologies as mediators of eco-collaboration in Thailand and Lebanon. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 what constitutes literacy continues to evolve as new technologies and communication media enable different forms of meaningmaking. Yet simultaneously
 as well as creating some new ones. These shifts in authority have occurred to different degrees in differently organised public science systems. As a result
 increasing manding
 in early primary. In grades seven and eight
cited By 12
 dissociation) in a racially diverse urban adolescent sample (N = 615; 50. 6{\%} female; Time 1 mean age = 14. 15; Time 2 mean age = 16. 70). For both genders
 for example
 to support high-quality care. Many organizations provide a diversity of solutions for e-health and its services. Standards play an important role to enable these organizations to support information interchange and improve efficiency of health care delivery. However
 and calibration judgments. Because the student is often learning independently in DE courses
 affirming almost nothing while elegantly and provocatively bringing almost all into question. The Mower poems examine not so much the displacement of a rustic persona as the diffusion of and discursive conflict within the pastoral mode itself. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2011."
 we estimated which college characteristics predicted later doctoral degree attainment in all fields. We took into account the large number of Black graduates from HBCUs
 low track education institutes such as in schools for special education students and in vocational schools. The gap can be filled with a sociocritical literacy program that employs a sound instructional approach where the individual
 shares their experience with regard to familiarity with mobile technology but not access to PCs. In general their learning preferences are traditional but with some indication of an increasing emphasis on visual representations and digital media. Their main motivation to attend classes remains the traditional reason of ""getting marks."
 in low-income housing programs
 this paper discusses the constellation of the multilingual University's staff and students and provides an analysis of the concept of the course by outlining its innovative approach
"Fang
 also get a better learning experience
 for example
 and its relationship with traditional stereotypes of maternal and family role. The scale addresses diverse situations pertaining to child rearing in which work requirements do not allow parents full availability for the care of their children. This availability is present in the model of intensive maternity and in the new father role model. Results indicate the presence of similar and high levels of guilt in fathers and mothers
cited By 10
 2001 terrorist attacks. Parents' (N = 972) open-ended responses about September 11th were analyzed to assess whether communication with their adolescents occurred and for thematic content. Results revealed marked variability in parents' communication and suggest that many parents used September 11th as an opportunity to impart sociocultural
 storytelling procedures need to be broadened to accommodate a diversity of opinions about causes and consequences. This article argues that those procedures are based on an expanded notion of narrative relevance
 the proposed method addresses the multi-platforming configuration across the family
cited By 10
 I engage with New Social Movement theory by arguing that unconventional tactics like dumpster diving can also have strategic components
263
 novice and expert being treated as relevant dimensions according to Wenger's model. Conversations were transcribed and a qualitative analysis of face-to-face and online discussion performed. The diversity of roles and different modalities of participation between social factors involved in the community
 Energy-conserved Cooperative Transmission and Reliability-driven Cooperative Transmission
 adapting requires to select an execution that satisfies the target device constraints and which is as close as possible from the initial composition. This theoretical adaptation framework does not specifically consider the main multimedia document dimensions
 as well as outside observer evaluations of instructional strategies and classroom climates were triangulated to explore dynamics that influence students' interests and motivation to learn science using a framework to link teachers' sense of efficacy (focusing on student outcomes). Findings suggest the impact teacher effectiveness can have on student outcomes
 we examine the respondents' general understanding of many of the basic tenets of Islam. Next
 distributed GIS entered into renaissance of mashups. Google API which have provided and updated steadily was a starting point in change of GIS by mashups. Implementation with such API becomes a typical form of development in recent. In aspect of data
 this pedagogy is promoted as an effective approach to teaching in higher education
 testis and kidney where they are assumed to act as chemotactic sensors or renin modulators. To justify their functional diversity
 experiential avoidance
 Situated learning: legitimate peripheral participation
 has been crucial in the reorientation of Swahili research to recognize the indigenous roots of the cosmopolitan coastal culture. This paper reports on the results of a ceramics project that has revisited excavated collections from a series of key ETT/TIW sites
 law
 we studied the influence of the observed number of packets in the queue and we prove that maximizing this number does increase the network capacity and the medium access fairness. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
"Soy
"Ahmed
 which exploits cooperative communication capability to achieve high bandwidth efficiency
 we present an approach that preserves behavioral diversity within the population in order to produce a diverse set of structurally different behaviors that the robot can use. In order to achieve this
 are accommodating cultural diversity on a case-by-case basis
cited By 0
 it fails to communicate with one another due to inconsistent listen time. Therefore
 the population diversity is checked
 packet payload
 a result of the dead node resulting from repeated usage. The semi-analytical approach in the paper investigates network life extensions for two extreme continuum network topologies that correspond to the largest and smallest ratios of nodes (or areas) used up during a successful broadcast
 we focus on OR in multi-radio multi-channel WMNs. We validate the advantage of OR in multi-radio multi-channel WMNs
 we investigate and motivate the need for a simple form of node cooperation called retransmit diversity. We show that while such a simple form of node cooperation cannot bring significant benefits to homogeneous omni-directional antenna networks
 understood as rationales of journalistic decisions
 whereas their Protestant counterparts feel forced to either let a thousand flowers bloom or surrender to a highly compromised image of their faith. Holistic spirituality
 they require a large working space and
 using variable parameter HMMs (VP-HMM). This paper investigates a more generalized form of variable parameter HMMs (GVP-HMM). In addition to Gaussian component means and variances
 we propose two differential three-phase DSTC strategies for TWRNs using the AF protocol. In our proposed strategies
 the source-destination link). The approximate expression is further shown to be tighter than the lower bound
 as across them. The observed differences between policy prescription and language practice provide support for this alternative perspective on language."
 with an emphasis on assessing the degree to which people from different disciplinary backgrounds gather in these groups. The results show that while there exists a need for better means to facilitate group formation and growth
 all foreign
 however
 such as sensor nodes
 M and Wermter
 T K"
cited By 0
 immersive and authentic activities that would be difficult or not possible to achieve through more traditional approaches. {\textcopyright} 2011 Brent Gregory
 firstly
 we applied our approach to the setting of personalized news recommendation
 more importantly
 we explore a signal-reconstruction-based approach relying only on visual content. In particular
 or the leftist and rightist inclinations of these actors/agents. Therefore
 and enables them to refer to other people's diverse and interesting experiences in a city. Eventually
 personalizing recommendations according to individuals'motivations has not received much attention. While previous work in the literature has focused primarily on identifying experts
 stabilize the dispersion
 scales of network and traffic load can satisfy diverse user needs and requirements. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 allowing for finegrained trust decisions that take into account user context and add diversity to host behavior. Our model also automatically infer trust values for people a user is not directly connected. In this paper we sketch the design of a socially-aware operating system kernel and identify several research challenges for this new paradigm. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
cited By 1
cited By 7
cited By 0
 production
 and Africa is only 10{\%}. It is clear that the diversity of the user base of the web is growing rapidly. Moreover research is showing that each individual uses the WWW in different ways that suit their own personal needs
"Allouache
 Social network monitoring
 email
 an effective and efficient event modeling solution for social media network sites. Targeting the unique challenges of this problem
"Chopra
"Jainsky
 making it difficult to meet delay and power budgets. This paper presents a review of various cross-layer design options that can provide solutions for dynamic voltage over-scaling and can potentially assist in meeting the strict power budgets and yield/quality requirements of future systems. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 effectiveness
 an integrated and activity-driven process of story generation
 where they are often perceived as souls 'trapped' in the wrong bodies. While some people have benefitted from the medical discourse and are happily settled in their new identities across the gender border
 but many indirectly contribute to diversity by supporting participation in traditional settings such as neighborhoods
 and how these online tools allow some members to experiment with their notions of self and identity outside dominant discourses. Our analysis of the lived experiences of GGC members reveals how they challenge the boundary between 'abled' and 'disabled
 key-shots are established and ranked based on near-duplicate keyframe detection and they are threaded in a chronological order. Third
 but features that share similar capabilities do not necessarily share underlying motivations for use. When these results are contrasted against models employing a more unidimensional measure of Facebook use
 N"
 that advertising finance has made possible production and provision of high-quality
"Drew
 detection of unwanted calls (e.g.
 with diverse people. I suggest that the often simplistic dichotomy of bonding and bridging capital needs to be re-appraised and instead offer an alternative way of thinking about these social ties. The distinction between them tends to be understood on the basis of the ethnicity of the people involved - bonding involves close ties with 'people like us' while bridging involves links beyond 'group cleavages'. Insufficient attention has been paid to the actual resources flowing between these ties or the kinds of relationship developing between the actors involved. The nature of these social networks may be better understood by focusing on the relationship between the actors
 even while controlling for individual-level predictors including media use and length of residence. Using survey data from 21 communities included in the 2001 Social Capital Community Benchmark Study
"He
 2009). This study uses survey data from political information gatherers during the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign to measure how much traditional and non-traditional media sites dominated their attention and whether factors such as demographics
 interpersonal discussion and civic engagement (measured in a national survey)
 it performs a critical discourse analysis on a corpus of national UK newspaper articles in which both a male and a female celebrity scientist are profiled. A discussion of the referential strategies
 be visible in the portrayal of powerful and powerless individuals in the media. Four archival studies (with six samples) provide empirical evidence for this hypothesis and indicate that a salience power context reinforces this effect. In addition
 and that informational uses are associated with reduced projection. Moreover
 LLC."
 diminishing returns from diamond mining operations coupled with the institutional and policy challenges of the mining sector may also be responsible for persuading some individuals to abandon ASM and encouraging them to re-orientate their livelihoods more exclusively around farming. In light of these two diverging developments
 engaged in family
 an experimental testbed was created to capture a diversity of traffic
 participants had an opportunity to customize avatars using the SL interface. The findings of Experiment 1 (n=59) revealed that non-White participants exposed to the White-dominant avatar profiles
 based on the calibrated parameters
 modularity and service innovation studies are presented. Moreover
 and two Native Americans). After controlling for selection and peer quality effects
 the translators can achieve the goals of translating commentaries while adequately responding to the pro-independence ideology of the Taipei Times and the professional ideology of the news translators as media practitioners. {\textcopyright} SAGE Publications 2011."
 juvenile girls. The Center for Urban and Multicultural Education embarked on a program to partner a reservice teaching candidate with an urban social justice initiative in the hopes of reciprocal benefits for all involved. This study represents both qualitative data from multiple partners in designing and implementing the project
 we discuss educational policies and practices that facilitate a better integration of migrant children in schools. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 LLC 2011."
 the DSTC-CR scheme can achieve the same information rate using a lower modulation order. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 it suggests pedagogical approaches for raising and addressing ethics and diversity issues within a social justice framework
 which have been nominated in national and international competitions and festivals. The Reform Order and developments in digital technology have produced a resurgence of documentary cinema which had been repressed during Suharto's rule in diverse forms and contexts
 of a larger democratization process and
cited By 1
 while non-person-agreeing targets such as predicate adjectives vary across languages
 and learning through design criticism)
 whereas it is a characteristic that needs to be treated as a collective trait. Multilevel modeling is presented here as a helpful way to avoid the limitation of previous research on this specific issue. Secondly
 in IEEE 802.11 networks
 the node vector representation may be inaccurate. We extend the idea of GES and present a new class-based semantic searching scheme (CSS) specifically designed for unstructured P2P networks with heterogeneous single-node document collection. It makes use of a state-of-the-art data clustering algorithm
 a Venetian who felt that the best models for literary works were those of the old Tuscan writers of the Trecento. In 1590 its members set out to select and define the words and norms in the works of the great Tuscan writers
 and socioeconomically diverse women enrolled in a single-sex STEM program at a co-educational university in Northeastern United States. Participants completed online surveys before the start of their first year of college
 which provides joint delay and loss differentiation between the flows by queuing (partially) loss tolerant RT flow packets for higher transmission priority but with restricted access to the buffer space
 and White (US-born and non-US-born) individuals. There were no statistically significant racial/ethnic differences in endorsement of a suicide attempt history
 a generalization of standard single-message broadcast in which multiple messages can originate at different times and locations in the network.We present and analyze two algorithms for Multi-Message Broadcast in static networks: a simple greedy algorithm and one that uses regional leaders. We then indicate how these results can be extended to mobile networks. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer-Verlag."
 and at the same time to optimize the sector throughput. A set of live network experiments has been conducted to understand the behavior of current scheduler in CDMA 1xEVDO network
 it becomes possible to assign the same subcarriers to different downlinks without causing interference. Consequently
 which states that
 in C-MAC
 they imagined Somalis to be ""culture-bound""; the adoption of a ""nick"" was simply a move from one genital cutting procedure to another. Unable to envision meaningful cultural adaptation
 this research shows that water technologies and the groups they assemble
 internet and local Serbian cultural associations. Research limitations/implications: The limitations of the research are inherent in the methodology. The authors will
 more physical decay
 participation in the Facebook community enables efficient and convenient contact to be maintained with a larger and more diverse group of acquaintances
 H and Choe
 KLE)
 macromolecular complexes
 A and Auneau
 we aim to close a gap in the existing literature on neural networks. Additionally
 we consider ways in which this information can be inferred by applying the tools of natural language processing and semantic analysis to the news streams from these sources. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 local Gamma correction is applied to the three levels respectively. Finally
 particularly
 a novel approach is proposed for automatically extracting the review links from web pages. This approach consists of two steps: first segment each news page into a set of blocks
 such as the use of abbreviations
 random number and specific parameter are used in the ant transition probability
 self-directed informal learning
"Bentley
 rethinking norms and target use. The norms and standards used by EAP instruction must be based on this realistic English
 some of which includes URL (Uniform Resource Locator) analysis
 enhanced and increased interaction
 was found in 10 subjects (20.8{\%}). Three of them during dive had respiratory symptoms characteristic for initial manifestations of pulmonary oxygen poisoning. Two of them had essential drop of FEV1. The asymptomatic reversible increase of FETND in the rest 7 divers was interpreted as a sign of obstructive impairments caused by hidden phase of hyperbaric hyperoxia effect. Thus developed acoustic tool is useful to monitor ventilation function of lungs in military/civil divers and other persons working in harmful gas media such as firefighters
 becoming an artist and later a trade union organizer. It is the imperatives of the latter work that pushed him into photography as a medium of literacy. Many of his own photographs started as a personal visual diary when he re-explored the spaces of his childhood as an adult
 (i) spectrum management through power allocation with given relay selection strategy
 inverse the thermal conductivity parameters and thermal diffusion coefficient of porous media like water and sand by this method and substitute the parameters into the model
 including classical methods such as K-means and LDA. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
cited By 3
 software designers ought to create tools that encourage and facilitate consumption of diverse news streams
 answer. After explaining nuances underlying the meaning of readability
 providing clues to understand changing social structures. A large body of existing work focuses on extracting cohesive groups based on network topology. But little attention is paid to understanding the changing social structures. In order to help explain the formation of a group
cited By 139
"Lennertz
 J.-L. and Pasquetti
 this article fits a conditional multinomial logit model to examine how ethnically diverse relocatees make relocation decisions. The postrelocation neighborhood's minority composition
 this paper employs GPF to update each target state independently
 and the prior assumptions of cellular ubiquity and stationarity of WLAN characteristics are relaxed. The performance of a Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) based VH algorithm is evaluated in computing the WLAN usage efficiency and deriving the required signal strength thresholds for handover decisions that meet given target outage probabilities. An additional WLAN lifetime-based algorithm is also evaluated. Analytical results are validated by comparing them to simulation results. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
cited By 67
 D and Dooly
"Mobahi
 individuals constrict their behavior
 competing claims of harm
 listen to
 this investigation focuses on Curumin
 and the diversification- related competition in the telecommunications sector is also analysed. With regard to the telecommunications sector
 in drug treatment and both English and Spanish speaking. Results indicate that PRSK was successful at improving media violence literacy
cited By 2
 S"
 were very likely to use the strategies and reported currently using the strategies often. They also rated the program materials as very culturally appropriate and identified group
 fever has itself become institutionalised as a disease. It argues that the institutionalisation of fever as a disease has occurred through two sets of practices: first
 and transmitted power levels is obtained. Both the situation of balanced and unbalanced transmit power levels for source
 including police
 71
 the images of orange-clad 'detainees' - the 'orange series' - remain a powerful symbol of US military practices and play a significant role in the resistance to the site. However
 but not family income
 a Smooth Handover Scheme based-on mSCTP. SHSBM adopts the advantage of SIGMA
 we propose a new human abnormality detection scheme for surveillance purposes. More specifically
 the syntactic Num-head hosts the overt element een 'a
 such as World Vision
 apart from the tailored explanatory support related to a patient case
 Commitment to Learning
 the acquisition of scientific language
 LLC."
 that introduces energy as an entity in a theoretical framework that is invented and gradually elaborated in an attempt to analyze the behavior of diverse physical systems
 and prenatal health behaviors among an on-line sample of 156 predominantly White
 television's representations of blackness demonstrate how television in the context of convergence enables unique viewing positions for minority audiences. Using Mary Ann Doane's notion of television's multiple temporal orders
 El Pa{\'{i}}s (Spain)
 the movement of stemming and the outburst of detonation gases. In combination with the blasting excavation of the tailrace tunnel in the Pubugou Hydropower Station
 and of sufficient quality to meet the needs of democratic publics. Drawing on the underlying principle of copyright-as a public subsidy to promote and protect access to social expression-and positive interpretations of the First Amendment
 hawker centres
 in terms of historical process. As from the 21st century
 the subsampling analysis indicates that US-based firms
 including the main topic areas of source camera identification
 as well as to explore further aspects involved in example usage. {\textcopyright} 2011 ACM."
 any member of a large class of agent-based network models
 coordination
 a post-civil rights rhetoric of racial and cultural pluralism
 based on the on-the-spot geological investigation
cited By 0
 S and Premalatha
 Party invitation
 disks
 but more often trading favours with it. The comparative study explores common challenges and unique barriers to press freedom in the two countries
 and the informal African settlement of Nompumelelo - on consecutive days in 2009. This article argues that social inequalities
 the authors propose paying special attention to one specific area of policy innovation – that related to the intellectual property rights (IPRs) regime. In particular
 we propose two extensions to the CCN architecture: Persistent Interests and Reliable Notifications. We describe how these additions
 dynamic and current eclectic. Spanish historical cartography has been poor until recently. It reached a modest level during the liberal revolution
 Clear the current demand for video editing teaching experiment.Based on the actual situation
 we derived the land surface temperature at the pixel size of 30m×30m from Landsat TM image in 2006. Landscape metrics and gradient analysis of heat environment pattern in Zhujiang Delta were employed and compared. A transect
"Yan
 humane will be the certain trend of display design. When it comes to display method and display design
 CCP fully exploits the diversity gain of the VMIMO technique by optimally selecting the cooperating nodes (CNs) within a cluster and balancing their energy consumption. We first formulate the problem of optimal CN selection at the transmit and receive clusters as a nonlinear binary program
 and hierarchical clustering. Openly available information on the Drupal website is utilized to perform the analysis of the community. The data are transformed into two weighted undirected networks: networks of people and networks of Drupal modules. Both the structures of these networks and their evolution during the past 6 years are studied. Based on the analysis
"2011 IEEE International Symposium on a World of Wireless
 mergers
 instant messaging has developed functionality to a point where it can be considered a standalone group communication medium. Harnessing the extensible nature of the protocol continues to be a challenge. Alternative usage scenarios not envisioned by its core group management models have since emerged. This paper examines the current XMPP group models and how they can fulfill the requirements of a modern scenario centered on dynamic shared groups
 we resort to experiments and observe how much security an individual user can improve by unfriending a vulnerable friend. We also show how privacy weakens if newly accepted friends are unguarded or unprotected. This work provides a large-scale evaluation of new security and privacy indexes using a Facebook dataset. We present and discuss a new perspective for reasoning about social networking security. When a user accepts a new friend
 we look for a sparse set of center nodes so that the effective conductance from the center to the rest of the graph has maximum entropy. We give a cogent semantic justification for turning PageRankthus on its head. In marked deviation from prior work
 simulation games and social games
 and such emotion was verified to affect the intention continuously use IPTV. The results of the following research indicate that the trust and emotion of users should be considered from the MIS perspective in an attempt to build the intention to use IPTV. Additionally
 a tool that uses only local measurements from commodity 802.11 NICs (at the node being diagnosed) to construct a time map of how the medium is utilized. We have implemented a WiMed prototype using the MadWifi driver for Atheros NICs. Early results show that WiMed is useful and can characterize non-802.11 interference better than existing systems. Copyright 2011 ACM."
 state-of-the-art technologies can provide appropriate solutions even for small- and medium-sized natural sites
 a high recall and include diverse sports photos for specific entities. A multi-modality ontology retrieval system
 such as manufacturing
 their capabilities to transfer meaningful messages (media text) and their contextual encapsulation (context). However
 thus evaluating DMS effectiveness in traffic diversion without major concerns of added trip time or quality of the alternate route. The impacts of existing message strategies are investigated to determine those messages that maximize diversion for specific circumstances. Analysis is performed for various message types for the scenario of an incident on the primary freeway
 ordinary people may employ seemingly contradictory criteria of superiority and legitimacy and combine these effortlessly when they choose whom to vote for. This article suggests a social logic of frame diversity. {\textcopyright} 2011 Brill."
 the larger enterprise scale is
 the study examined the role that fiction readers' “internal environments” and “external contexts” played in their book choices. Findings – The selection of fiction books at the public library occurred
 such as k-anonymity
 Charting the Week's Activities (CWA) and focus group discussions. Findings: The study found that learners vary widely in their use of new media. However
 the copy detection technology of multimedia contents becomes a hot topic. In our previous work
 whereas Brazilian migration to the US is largely unauthorised. The research shows that social networks do operate to diversify the migrant demographic composition over time in both migration flows. However
 S and Vonta
 consolidation
 socialize with their friends
 with the new algorithm is not necessary to carry out additionally the segmentation step
 the generation of social capital
 and who entered the workforce as the country's Equal Employment Opportunity Law was being implemented in 1986. Araf{\^{o}}
 deliberative
 using multimodal snapshots of storyboard images
 L H and Hartley
 however
 geography
"Foote
 as well as the analysis of artifacts created during project work provides the background needed to match local needs and peculiarities with (mobile) technologies. Based on these findings we present two approaches to add to the technological infrastructure: (1) a mesh-network extending the clubs into the neighborhood and (2) a project management tool
"Ke
 and evaluation of students. Results indicated that the PhD was a preferable degree to other degree offerings. Programs were found to be diverse in their policies and procedures relating to admissions and retention
 1987). {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science + Business Media
cited By 0
cited By 2
 LLC."
414) consisted of early adolescents (53{\%} female) and their mothers. We found that participants perceived distinct positive and negative neighborhood characteristics. For adolescents and mothers
 institutional frameworks
 the bound also captures the effect of multi-antenna as space diversity. The proposed bounds can be applied for coded OFDM systems employing different coding schemes over different channel models. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 and (c) Networking and Leveraging Resources. Together
 will do our field good. Because of its attention to what it takes to be willing to learn and to approach theoretical and real world obstacles with open if cautious interest
 new economic relationships and citizenship. Wilson Harris's reflections on tradition and living arts provide a theoretical framework informing this interpretation of sonic politics in these two films. {\textcopyright} 2011 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 documents
 RADAR can be readily implemented in the NIC driver. Through extensive simulations using realistic channel propagation and reception models
 respectively. Simulation results show that the proposed scheme is capable of achieving optimum performance
cited By 1
 the precise balance between the changes and continuities is still quite difficult to gauge. Furthermore
 and 23.5{\%} Druze; 49{\%} females and 51{\%} males). Additional data were collected via semi-structured interviews with 30 Lebanese students to allow triangulation of data for accuracy and authenticity. Results indicate that many Egyptian and Lebanese Muslim students have misconceptions about evolution and the nature of science which often lead to rejection of evolution. Also
 suggest that most faculty are including diversity in their courses in some way
 and that immigrants were therefore strategic in deploying their ethnic/national identity locally. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
cited By 9
"Munari
 it can not employ the optimal detection order to minimize the propagation of errors from one step of detection to the next. Furthermore we find that it actually consumes extra energy of the previously detected signals to recover a signal. Therefore a ordered successive interference cancellation (OSIC) architecture is subsequently proposed to overcome the two shortcomings mentioned above. Simulations demonstrate that the OSIC in the asynchronous V-BLAST system can give much better performance at a little cost of complexity than it dose in conventional synchronous scheme. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 8.1{\%} Hispanic/Latino(a)
 for example
 victimization
 compared to when both antenna elements are in the presence of the hand. It is also shown that a dual-antenna structure with elements vertically oriented along the edges of a small 100 mm × 40 mm mobile terminal chassis achieves better performance in port-to-port isolation
 it is desirable that the BS queue buffers as many packets as possible to exploit multiuser diversity of opportunistic scheduling. Our in-depth simulation results have shown that the proposed algorithm stabilizes the BS queue for normal users and reduces handoff latency to 0.8 second from 3 seconds for handoff users. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 although prevention and care interventions generally exclude targeting the elderly. Loneliness was widespread among elderly widows. Many felt isolated
 and their school adjustment. To address this issue
350 7th to 9th grade students from 199 rural communities and towns in the U. S. (50{\%} male
 while the White
 resulting in some unavoidable linguistic strains. The implications for English-medium instruction are discussed at the end of this paper. {\textcopyright} 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd."
cited By 0
 understanding and managing emotions in diverse spheres of life - the 'affective turn'. The findings of this interview-based study are discussed under the headings of journalists' relations with sources
 N and Elliot
 can be understood as a social convention; it arises from the activity of ""timing"" or ""scheduling"". All living organisms have to align their actions to the rhythms of a real world
cited By 1
 as the new tools and the additional services are becoming a part of the citizens' everyday life at an extent never seen before
 secret key
 P and Jackson
 actor coverage
 Inc."
 we present Monarch
 is that of modeling a blog network generated by human agents with heterogeneous behaviors and a priori diversity. We propose an approach based on an hybrid strategy
 Percy
 because estimating such time-varying models is challenged by the curse of dimensionality and the associated complexity which is prohibitive. The goal of this paper is to introduce novel algorithms for joint segmentation and estimation of sparse
 are obtained by extending the Shannon entropy definition: a biasing of the spectrogram coefficients is realized through the dependence of such measures on a parameter
cited By 6
 with a mix of medium/large organizations would benefit from a larger and more diverse sample. It is suggested that IT services organizations develop specific capabilities to create knowledge management system (KMS) for productivity benefits and increased profitability. To provide clear benchmarks for developing these capabilities
 structural information
 grids
 the other one is interested in maximizing the achievable throughput for the secondary network. Both of them are implemented by arranging the proportions of every mini slot in length for a limited total sensing time. The numerical simulation results and analysis perfectly supports the models and theoretical conclusions. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 political or otherwise
 and provide bounds on the amount of feasibility violation and the gap between our solution and the optimal solution in each iteration. {\textcopyright} 2011 IEEE."
 and politics shows no relationship to Twitter adoption in this population segment. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2011."
cited By 1
 and Patil et al. 2001. Experimental results show that the proposed scheme reduces the number of tagSNPs required in haplotypes significantly. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science + Business Media
cited By 6
 manifests largely through media corporations' increasing recognition of Zulu people's pride in Zulu (i.e. the language) and 'Zuluness' - all of which are historical products of various forms of socialisation. Coopting this pride
 mediarelated domains by analysing example text excerpts from bilingual journals. The linguistic strategies used in this expansion process are rooted in the socio-linguistic situation of Romani (which is discussed in the introductory chapter of this paper) and the resulting implications for language planning initiatives
cited By 4
cited By 2
 cultural diversity and stringent data privacy regulations.{\textcopyright} Taylor{\&}Francis Group
 sequences of representations using diverse media and communication channels
 however
 which in turn enhance ecumenical worldview. However
 Palin's physical appearance
"Pentikousis
 draws on diverse understandings of impartiality. We argue that this 'semantic plasticity' of impartiality does not point at institutional confusion
 more specifically virtualizing the air interface (i.e. spectrum sharing). Two different possible gain areas are explored: spectrum multiplexing and multi-user diversity. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 1
 speaks to urban studies scholarship on culture's role in urban change processes
 these solutions still have limitations when dealing with multiple link-layer technologies. In this context
"James
 parents and out of school activities. The article discusses The Primary as a product of British television documentary-making in the early twenty-first century and examines the historical context in which it was broadcast. It then analyses the relations between the film's visual and aural narrative dimensions and the possible disruptions in historical meaning produced by these relations. Discussion focuses on the film's shifts between ""ethnographic"" and ""editorial"" registers; its depiction of a multicultural urban school setting; and the possibilities offered by reading the film as cultural inventory. {\textcopyright} 2011 Stichting Paedagogica Historica."
 providing a viable path towards the evolution and realization of the future wireless networking paradigm. Initial numerical results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed architecture and reveal the benefits of such a service oriented paradigm against other existing access oriented autonomic designs. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 subverts the constructed binary between 'Muslim' and 'British' identities
000 ratings of school-age children and adolescents were obtained from their parents and other caregivers. Factor analytic procedures revealed a robust and replicable underlying factor structure
 since they produce robust and fast classifiers. Subsequently
 2008. Practicing meditation on a regular basis and greater experience with Buddhism was related to higher psychological mindfulness scores. Psychological mindfulness was correlated with a latent variable called ""quiet ego characteristics"" that reflected measures based on Bauer and Wayment's (Transcending self-interest: psychological explorations of the quiet ego. American Psychological Association
 following the recommendations of the Civil Society International Forum (FISC) and CONFINTEA VI
 that Goldberg argues is inherent to it
 whereby beneficial cooperative transmissions can be identified. We show that a rate allocation in the cooperation region provides higher link utilization than in a non-cooperation region. To increase network throughput
 UMIMO-MAC is based on a two-way handshake protocol. Multiple access by simultaneous and co-located transmissions is achieved by using different pseudo-orthogonal spreading codes. An algorithm is proposed that
 Australia
 while maintaining low overhead and complexity burden. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 a SIP-based cross-layer design for fast handoffs is proposed to shorten the service interruption time when a mobile node crosses the overlapped area of a WLAN/3G cellular system. As will be shown by the simulation results
 the maximum ratio combining technique is used for the block-based differential frequency-domain equalizer
 we propose a novel cross-layer framework involving two levels of joint design - a MAC-network cross-layer design for forwarder selection (or termed routing) and a MAC-PHY for relay selection - over symbol-wise varying channels. Based on location knowledge and contention processes
 public housing estate in the City of Derry
 adolescent autonomy
 named nondominated ranking genetic algorithm (NRGA)
 an ontological status (""reality"") of that taxon is questioned. Therefore
cited By 3
 for small-sized testing problems
 and white non-Hispanic (N. = 812) mothers. Overall
 but it also uses the country's three top soccer clubs
 news and ideas. The transient
 where opportunistic transmission is employed to improve the delivery delay due to channel awareness
 there is a decreasing of tourists and less realize on eco tourism. From the mentioned problems above
 a distance video system based on P2P structure. In addition
 spanning the last years of the 20th century into the beginning of the 21st. The analysis reveals a variety of postures within the public discourse related to the presence and use of languages other than English in this Midwestern context. The paper argues that it is precisely this interface of varying perspectives that will potentially facilitate a more lasting receptive social environment towards language diversity in the state. {\textcopyright} John Benjamins Publishing Company."
 frame rate) that can meet one request. And due to the diversity of devices and connections in pervasive environment
cited By 27
 we study (1) how NC can help with WiFi delivery of MDC media
 as well as its evolution towards lifestreaming and microblogging
 we take an initiative toward preserving privacy in social network data. Specifically
 and a twenty-first century woman. The use of ICTs has helped women to learn how to represent com-plex concepts such as emancipation in ways that are more authentic than those given through portraits in the existing literature and media. In addition
 their chances to establish new relationships and benefit from diverse networking services. In this paper
cited By 1
 as critical factors driving this dramatic public opinion shift. Nevertheless
cited By 151
 analyzed according to integrational principles. Through these integrational studies of real communication situation and inspired by social psychology I propose a new way to conceptualize this complex matter of word formation and conventions. I call this new concept ""the mirrored word"" in order to capture: 1) dynamic sense 2) everchanging situations 3) the process of contextualization. {\textcopyright} 2011 Elsevier Ltd."
 a reception study of nine films on the Belgian online video-sharing platform 16plus
 L A and Duncan
 1999) that captures some information concerning the intermediate characteristic fields. The corresponding first order numerical scheme
 we suggest to compute the inherent path integral numerically using a Gaussian quadrature rule of sufficient accuracy. Published path-conservative schemes to date are based on either the Roe upwind method or on centered approaches. In comparison to these
 China."
 modernity theory
 Treatment Placement (11{\%})
 and most are wary of this source. The authors identify two themes that characterized teens' discussions: wariness about hormonal methods
 the influence of parental involvement on patterns of offending among respondents interviewed first as adolescents (mean age of 15 years)
 LLC."
"Mileo
 best-worse-channel selection
 and to intergenerational change in attitudes to sexual diversity. However
 and achievement) would emerge empirically
 multiple-input multiple-output orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (MIMO-OFDM)
 and his decision not to serve as a co-editor with Reichenbach for the journal Erkenntnis that they jointly established in 1930 (which was then co-edited by Carnap and Reichenbach from 1930 to 1938). A second split rooted in different views on induction and probability
 whose kernel mechanisms are on-demand aggregation and autonomic collaboration of resources. In this paper
"McClure
 Indexing text using the Ziv-Lempel trie
 and thus to adequately serve
 immersed them in the ""newsroom of the future"" where they researched and wrote news stories
 PSB financing levels
 encryption
 this study investigates how women's media experiences allow them to resist their traditional roles assigned by Islamic patriarchies. Among the major questions addressed are
cited By 0
 by which news documents of varied categories are classified and made personalized as per the users interests. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2011 ACM."
 the entropy decoder can achieve 1080p@30fps for H.264
 with the teaching model that emphasizes on students' active participation. Certainly
 R and Bian
 we ground the notion of representativeness in terms of information theory and propose a procedure for sampling representative phrases from any large corpus so that researchers can curate their own stimuli. We then describe the characteristics of phrase sets we generated using the procedure for email and social media (Facebook and Twitter). The phrase sets and code for the procedure are publicly available for download. Copyright 2011 ACM."
 because they culturally distribute 'public goods' that work to shape peoples' deliberation and participation in society
 distributed
 one in Portugal and one in Spain
 we explore three integration strategies based on structure
cited By 2
 J and Hollan
 new people
 races
 only terminals that can improve the direct link are allowed to participate to the relay selection. By this mean
 the destination node and themselves. Then they contend to become the final relay based on their priorities and associated rate information. The proposed protocol can rapidly select the optimal relay under current channel quality without contention collisions to cooperatively transmit data packets from all the potential relays
 of the anonymity level that is provided by the perturbed network. We explain why the entropy-based quantification
 generational memories
 instant messaging
 and religious involvement are each associated with recruitment. Recruitment itself is an important predictor of volunteering. Religious involvement is associated with higher probabilities of volunteering conditional on being asked
 some scholars to avoid student generating frustration in learning process
"Wang
 and modeling abstractions
 homosexuality and rape. The most prominent predictors of pluralistic media ignorance are disapproval of the inclusion of objectionable content in popular media and extended recall of media exemplars that contain such content. Religiosity
 economic
 Copyright Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 LLC."
 measures of media exposure are not significantly related to either public acceptance of homosexuality or support for same-sex marriage
 often aimed at protecting existent positive inter-ethnic relations. {\textcopyright} 2011 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 Germany
 we read selections of the print media coverage of the Oilers' 2006 Cup run 'against the grain'
 this article argues that globalization is not a unidirectional process and there are several contrary trajectories
 self-efficacy
 and professional association activities. I argue that the media advanced academic messages about kindergarten before state activism
 H and Broos
 for example
 and optimism) as a moderator. Using a nationwide survey of 3
 and education system of Japan. It also points out that this particularly Japanese style of multiculturalism excludes some immigrants who have lived in Japan for generations
 ask for help
cited By 6
 and transgender persons within admissions
 this study investigates the proposition that exposure to news slanted toward one's own partisan views increases political participation
 but still gain substantive public input? Purpose: Currently
 just under a million hours of computing
 multi-reporter design to examine whether maternal acceptance is predictive of emotional disclosure over time among a racially/socioeconomically diverse sample of 184 adolescents (53{\%} female). Results indicate that adolescents who perceive their mothers as high in acceptance during early adolescence exhibit greater relative increases in both self-reported emotional communication and observed emotional disclosure to their mothers 3 years later. Interestingly
 however
 and 16 had phenomenologically similar experiences which they did not frame in terms of virginity. Respondents who endorsed the concept of secondary virginity were disproportionately White conservative Christian women born after 1972. Secondary virginity reveals the social construction of gendered sexuality and the heterosexual imaginary as it reinforces privilege along gender
 regardless of parent ethnicity. The same relationship did not hold for earlier parenting stress on later child coping competence
 for universities and for communities. Rather we explore how without adequate support
 LLC."
 considers the micro-
 random projected SVMs are tested as base classifiers of some state of the art ensembles
cited By 5
 gender and class combine to shape the workplace experiences of Latina teachers who work as numerical minorities among a majority of white colleagues. Since Latina teachers are 'racialized tokens' in these spaces
 the differences of consumer behavior in a collective dimension were drawn between mobile telecommunication and digital services. It was found that the users of digital services were more self-motivated than the users of only mobile telecommunication. Accordingly
 the scheduler permits two users to contend for a mini-slot using only one bit of feedback information per user. After deriving closed-form expressions for the feedback load
 Hispanic and white students gain academic skills at statistically comparable rates. Importantly
 namely
 distributed in 16 participating countries. Inclusion of new resource centers to the existing infrastructure
"Oruthota
 and (re)form early literacy policies to make spaces for student languages
 however. More persuasive is his suggestion that we understand belief
 a centralized medium access control (MAC) protocol is proposed to coordinate the code assignment and channel access among users and relays. We theoretically analyze the bit error rate (BER) performance of the proposed OC coded cooperative network over multipath Rayleigh fading channel. The performance gain resulted from different numbers of relays is investigated
 memory and computation efficient mechanisms. It uses a multisink single-path approach to increase reliability. To our knowledge
 attachment was high and strengthened with time
 this paper seeks to argue for the imperativeness of context of situation (whether immediate or wider)
 this article examines whether and how images of Qu{\'{e}}b{\'{e}}cois minority nationalism affect legitimizations and delegitimizations of multiculturalism in the public space. The analysis thereby challenges the widespread assumption that the accommodation of historically grown national minorities and ethnic groups of more recent immigrant origin happens in hermetically closed 'silos' with little interaction. On the contrary
 delay and reliability have considerably been improved compared with traditional IEEE 802.11 stations
cited By 2
 which have become an important part of the Internet resources. However
 we classify whether a query would be considered as a hot query or a cold query. And then
"Huaman
 in addition to service modeling
 therefore
 changes in social networks may be associated with disruption rather moving to a mixed-income site. Vietnamese residents also experienced increases in ethnic diversity compared to English-speaking respondents. The results raise questions about the social mixing intent of such programs. The high expectations for social network benefits of income mixing housing programs should be tempered. {\textcopyright} 2011 Elsevier B.V."
 the authors map the different forms of action and exchange that take place amongst these two entities
 LLC."
 diversity and design by creating new relationships and new forms of interaction
 in computing smooth solution
 visual security assessment for cipherimages is a very important indicator in security evaluation of visual media. So far
 and civic contexts Abilities to critically interpret and produce media Understanding of the value of skills and literacies across contexts Instead of teaching reading and writing as universally applicable neutral skills
 particularly for women. For the bump
 and b) to shed light on the advantages that can be brought into the RVC framework by including such encoding tools. The main modules of the designed encoder include: Inter Frame Prediction (Motion Estimation/Compensation)
 we use the maximum entropy in the spatial domain to analyze the dynamics derived by spatiotemporal analysis. Our experiment results show that the proposed dynamic visual attention model achieves high precision value of 70{\%} and reveals its robustness in successive video volumes. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 though suitably complex
cited By 8
 security service
 but is not itself simple. To simplify the news in a way that suggests partisan conclusions that still seem relevant rather than cartoonish
 and that these youth communicate their experiences through a shared production style that reflects their broader cultural experiences. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2011."
cited By 6
"Aveyard
 2008)
 is assessed with cross-national data (N = 98). Two hypotheses derived from this perspective are not confirmed. The alternative rational governance argument
 and perceptive reflection-in-action. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2010."
 optimal hormonal profile
 the author explores how and why cross-place enclosures of sociality and resources develop. Rather than framing the residential area as the locus of racial/ethnic concentration
 both in the academia and in lay perceptions. Secondly
 lifestyle habits and purchasing behavior. Finally
 the saturation throughput of the proposed scheme integrated into a IEEE 802.11 DCF based MAC is also studied. When the number of active stations is high
 is complicated by the fact that researchers cannot observe much of what happens during an election cycle. Typically
 in particular his magnum opus Rethinking Multiculturalism and the selfproclaimed ""sequel"" A New Politics of Identity
 AOS can satisfy diverse anonymity requirements with different communication and computation overhead. AOS is the first system of its kind
 should we include maintaining this dichotomy or try to think a school model that prepares for both functions
 perceived as such through opposition to an ""Other""-sometimes the Jew of the Diaspora (the na{\c{c}}{\~{a}}o)
 and the transitions that see creativity and talent as inherent in all individuals and in need of channelling and directing. The creativeconsumer case study unpacks the digital games industry strategy of enrolling fan-creators within their commercial operations. This case study reveals the increasing importance of co-production for the creative economy
 in which I have examined the influence of teachers' identities and biographies on their beliefs and practices of responding to student diversity. I also explore how the topic of teachers' identity and biography are integrated into the courses I teach. Additionally
 and this link was stronger for youth from low SES schools. These findings suggest that the developmental experiences afforded by extracurricular activities may foster positive adolescent development. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 adequate and efficient way. Just like explanatory pluralists often advocate the indispensability of higher levels of explanation pointing at the pragmatic value of the explanatory information obtained on these higher levels
 of which 50{\%} were female. Maternal reports of involvement during their child's 5th grade year were examined as a moderator in the relationship between racial/ethnic socialization and cognitive ability and achievement. Hierarchical regression analyses revealed that mothers' reports of cultural exposure messages measured in 4th grade predicted children's scores on 5th grade assessments of passage comprehension. There was also a significant interaction indicating that greater cultural exposure and more parental involvement in education predicted better reading passage comprehension scores over time. The implications for assessing dimensions relevant to cognitive ability and achievement in African American children are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 which were in fact multiple and simultaneous
 this essay argues that the orthodox conceptualization of difference in contemporary curriculum studies is complicit with the capitalist commitment to quantitative multiplicity
 investment recommendations are provided based on the findings. {\textcopyright} 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
 the extent that a given national literary field is receptive to ethnic diversity
 were more influential than community-level factors in explaining level of attention. Community structural pluralism was not a strong predictor of attention to feedback via marketing data or online. These findings suggest a business motive in editors' communication and reinforce previous research pointing to the importance of organizational and peer-level factors in shaping journalists' response to audiences. {\textcopyright} Mass Communication {\&} Society Division of the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication."
"" described as "" issues of class
 and the economic context for journalism; and how it challenges the continuing relevance of established theories of journalistic gate-keeping. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2011."
 LLC."
 D"
 and where they are allowed a central role
 the essay foregrounds what T.M. Scanlon dubs a certain creative instability
 they began to view that liberal-democratic rights and freedoms serve their interests. However
 the abundance of information and opinions from diverse sources helps them tap into the wisdom of crowds
 while at the same time incorporating the norms of a new generation of Internet users. Copyright 2011 ACM."
 a diversity of social relationships emerge and play a central role in the enjoyment of online FPS games. We report the forms
"Kuzma
 experimental or survey) moderates HME. {\textcopyright} 2011 Eastern Communication Association."
 namely Traditionalists
 more than a mechanism to influence levels of political interest. In contrast
 needs
 or should such perspectives be afforded the magnitude of coverage awarded to Malema
 as well as dangers posed through the emotive content most often produced. We argue that while such media production is disassociated from surrounding events (or decontextualised)
cited By 3
 individual characteristics that influence symptom interpretation and decision-making
 and each framework consists of four steps to describe how the information of importance can be derived when the matrix of importance-performance analysis is to be constructed. Finally
cited By 14
 participant surveys and semi-structured interviews with event organizers. Data analysis includes quantitative and qualitative methods. We use a capacity building conceptual model for interpreting community development outcomes. Contact with neighbors and exposure to new communities was a primary benefit of participation in Open Streets. These ""exposures"" contribute to the strengthening of social networks among Open Streets communities. Moreover
 and the fashion design industry. The results show that these three sectors are spatially clustered in the city
 in protest of government plans to privatize medical services in the Salvadoran Social Security Institute. This paper focuses on the methods that the unions and their allies used to communicate their policy arguments and the motivations for the strike to the Salvadoran public. Specifically
 we develop a system
 instead emphasizing diversity and democracy in a narrative of generalized American ""freedom"" and unity. The narrative in each text
 three techniques are investigated to avoid potential collision among multiple contending relays. Both analysis and simulation results demonstrate that significant improvement in terms of throughput and packet delivery ratio can be achieved by the proposed cooperative protocol. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 it shares a history and future with other kinds of DIY fanvids. In this diversified ecosystem
cited By 11
 and indicates (Schwarzschild in Pluralities. Kluwer
 resources and skills to think about
 LLC."
 plural different and same is explained in terms of several kinds of quantificational distributors that license their internal readings. The analysis is executed in a stack-based dynamic system couched in type logic
 the HMC scheme achieves cooperative diversity at the destination node by combining the signals delivered from the source and relay nodes. In addition
 not only for domestic legal systems but also the jurisprudence of rape in international criminal law. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 this article examines the saga of the Nigerian physician and immunologist
 usage contexts
 and interviews. Results indicated that instead of memorizing cultural facts
 called regular fractional transformations. Among these
 LLC."
 which witnessed Tudor's surprising runoff
 is complicated by the fact that researchers cannot observe much of what happens during an election cycle. Typically
 and adapting to different dining habits. Despite the subjugation of home culture under school culture
 meaningfully engaging and supporting the participation of children with diverse needs and preferences as well as presenting their findings in a way that is helpful to both commissioning bodies and for children and young people. This paper
 the diversity of spirit worship in Chiang Mai throughout the year. Moving through ritual spaces at will
 such that the probability of successful channel accesses can be maximized. The formulated optimization problem is then solved by using a dynamic Markov-Chain Monte-Carlo scheme. Moreover
 Special Education and Science Education. The faculty has also chalked out B.Ed (Honors) 4 year degree programme in various specializations. The mode of delivery is absolutely a distance learning mode and various components are devised as teaching methodology which is based on; Study centers and information technology
 rather than on causality
 current security systems suffer limited performance with low detection accuracy and high number of false alarms. To address such performance issues
 we incur a penalty of $\pi$(e). The goal is to identify a subcollection S′ ⊆ S that minimizes the cost of S′ plus the penalties of uncovered elements. Although problem-specific connections between the partial cover and the prize-collecting variants of a given covering problem have been explored and exploited
 in an environment with highly bursty and time-varying workload such an approach seems to be optimistic. Moreover
 when used with a new transmission and decoding methods
 McCain had the highest candidate support from Republicans disillusioned with President Bush. On candidate traits
 the spreading factor is an additional degree of freedom that do not degrade the system performance. Since the maximum number of users supported depends on the spreading factor
 a 15 × 15 Km2 synthetic test system is discretized as hexagonal cell structure and necessary simulations are carried out to calculate receiving field strength at various points. The path loss is calculated using Hata model. To improve the diversity and uniformity of the obtained nondominated solutions
 we fully leverage the advantages (programmability) of SDR platforms to compensate its disadvantages (energy efficiency). Highly flexible and dynamic baseband signal processing algorithms are designed and implemented to exploit the abundant dynamics in the environment and the user requirement. Instead of always performing the best effort
 that an approach using domain independent learning that is transferable to current e-learning platforms helps both students and teachers to manage student collaboration better. Second
 the architectural design remains stagnant with layered paradigms and inherent inefficiencies. A departure from this shackled approach could be the distinguishing feature of 5G systems and beyond. We claim that there is a pressing need to move towards a Next Generation Network architecture built to natively support requirements such as network resource abstraction
 i. e.
 and connectedness to the school (Karcher {\&} Lee
 1985). Taking into account the entire process of producing and presenting news
 commercialization
 2006)
 this overhead leads to significant power consumption in an overall storage system. In this paper
 are being narrowed by the courts. Purpose/Objective/Research Question/Focus of Study: The article uses critical race theory to examine the outcomes of specific school reforms
 the real movement of ordinary Sikhs
 the built environment. The paper begins with a theoretical framework aiming at situating the study within the overall discourse known as 'informal urbanism' and the study of the everyday which
 which uses the differentiated transmission of media frames according to network congestion and wireless channel status. The proposed P-DS scheme guarantees high quality of multimedia services through video decoding reliability by transmitting differentiated media frames when network congestion and wireless channel errors occur. {\textcopyright}2011 IEEE."
cited By 1
 correlated
 an unsupervised learning framework to detect insider threats based on information recorded in the access logs of collaborative environments. CADS is based on the observation that typical users tend to form community structures
"Garcia-Murillo
 can yield a final list of top authors for a given topic. We present results across several topics
 and a set of 170 million blog posts and news media articles. We find that K-SC outperforms the K-means clustering algorithm in finding distinct shapes of time series. Our analysis shows that there are six main temporal shapes of attention of online content. We also present a simple model that reliably predicts the shape of attention by using information about only a small number of participants. Our analyses offer insight into common temporal patterns of the content on the Web and broaden the understanding of the dynamics of human attention. Copyright 2011 ACM."
 thereby accumulating more social capital. Their networks were diverse
 however
 disparities in frequency and location of Internet access by race/ethnicity
 2011."
cited By 9
 P A"
 ethnicity and rap culture in 8 Mile. I argue that
 but fail to detect texts that are generated with high order Markov models. By comparison our relative entropy scoring algorithm
 and to see what lessons may be contained for journalism educators
 advances in information and communication technologies (ICTs) have further diversified the arsenal of possible coping strategies
 urban mothers
 both Israeli and Palestinian societies are highly diverse; a number of peace activists from each society have noted that they often have more in common with their fellow activists on the other side than they do with some in their own society. A peaceful resolution of the conflict requires honoring the narratives of both peoples and finding a way for justice
 and traditional media. Most teens were wary
 2001
 contingent and contested systems of myths
 LLC."
cited By 12
cited By 27
 and attribution) are closely examined and theoretically connected to three types of newspapers (mass appeal
 methods and analysed data are presented. In the main analysis
 television series. Among various programs is Restaurant Makeover
 and college students. It also tested the efficiency of a learning device named ""functional learning"" derived from cognitive psychology on the knowledge of these relations. a total of 73 participants were confronted with pictorial electrical circuits. Their task was to learn to infer resistance from potential difference and magnitude of current information
 with who they are out-of-school. Our attention is focused on their experiences of dis-identification with science in terms of diaspora
 D F and Wang
 namely the inclusion of a reference to the Charter for the Environment
 around
 if they do
 our interview data reveal considerably more complex social realities defined by a series of ambivalences. The first ambivalence is between undeniable local conflicts and
 nuanced meanings of words. Other effective vocabulary instruction practices include meaningful repetition; combining the enactive
 LLC."
 2009) to identify differences between white and minority (African-American
 this paper contributes to the literature by sharing longitudinal findings that reveal students' skills of orality
 boosting
 reserving and configuring physical resources. The evaluation of this framework was carried out on the Aladdin/Grid'5000 testbed using a real application from the area of medical image analysis. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
cited By 0
 I explore examples of analytic work that makes use of first-person accounts of racially significant episodes and experiences as a means to document the formulation of the events and actions those accounts describe in terms that warrant a reading informed by the assumption of the structure-agency distinction. I relate the corroborative work that takes place in the research relationships between students and teachers with ethnomethodology's own project to explore how the efficaciousness of analytic readings of racism entail the pervasive assumption of the structure-agency distinction in order to be rendered them with the sense they have for the various participants involved. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 whose adoption patterns mimic younger adults (Pew Internet and American Life Project 2003). Much of the previous research on age-related differences in technology usage has only investigated usage broadly-from a ""used"" or ""not used"" standpoint. The present study investigated age-related differences in overall usage of technologies
 2006). The analysis of the opinions of 154 participating individuals with varied non-Swedish backgrounds
 asks for a collection of types of elementary objects (called tiles) to be found for the self-assembly of an object having a pre-established shape. Such a collection is to be as concise as possible
571 observations) cleaved into five distinct latent classes
 while preventing the starvation of any traffic class. {\textcopyright} 2010 John Wiley {\&} Sons
 we are able to realize a high-capacity mesh network. In this paper
 to - surprisingly - almost exclusive use of the mother tongue to teach officially prescribed Lao texts. {\textcopyright} 2011 British Association for nternational and Comparative Education."
 each node tries to maximize its own link-utility (indicator of a node's ability to cooperate) by jointly adjusting transmission rate and power. Subsequently
 as well as for international academic journals. Finally
 voluntary activity and domestic and familial responsibilities. While teaching formed their main occupation and the most direct medium for dissemination of knowledge and values
 we have implemented the proposed schemes in a real mobile TV testbed to show their practicality and efficiency. Our extensive experiments confirm that the proposed schemes enable energy saving differentiation: between 75 and 95 percent were observed. Moreover
 before diversification which is realized by the TS. The TS is improved and then followed by the NM search strategy. The partitioning phase aims at distributing initial random solutions in the search space. By doing this
 L"
"Rankine
 were found to have a positive relationship to network size and diversity. In discussing these trends
 as individuals take on identities associated with different roles in game design. Research limitations/implications: This study reinforces the value of research focused on young people's social media creation and also suggests that there is still much to be learned about technologically simple but socially rich platforms like web forums. As qualitative research it does not generate statistical generalizations. Practical implications: This research suggests three implications for the design of online learning environments focused on media production. Designers should: start with learners' interests and basic skills will evolve; support a diverse range of production roles and identities; and offer simple technical systems that can support sophisticated digital learning communities. Originality/value: While there is much work on learning in online communities
 P"
cited By 0
 we present empirical results on the entropy of written Albanian language based on a frequency analysis of letters
 from multiple perspectives
"Sabetzadeh
cited By 0
"Tamir
 fully compatible with the IEEE 802.11b standard and can achieve better throughput and delay performance than the standard Distributed Coordination Function (DCF) protocol and the recently-proposed CoopMAC protocol. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 producer
 which is a critical feature in providing QoS in the link failure-prone environment of mobile networks. Performance of this new fault-tolerant cluster-based QoS wireless algorithm is evaluated according to failure recovery time
 while for the Rayleigh model the moments of the CC at the output of equal-gain combining and generalized-selection combining are derived in closed form. Using these formulas
 a cross-linguistically common class of special indefinites that can be straightforwardly analyzed in our semantic framework. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 it is reported that the effect of correlation can be reduced by the Time Shifted Sampling (TSS) technique which relies on the multipath diversity. Numerical results indicate that the TSS technique is also effective in reducing the effect of correlation for the multipath channels constructed by the repeaters. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 the dynamic relation of formal and informal processes holds diverse functions from making academics accept a strategy
 to record important memories. Especially
 mostly in Southern Europe
 a system for prescribing the best media for interaction
 and economic transformation. We explain how those reconfigurations have generated new zones of transition
 a cascaded (or double) Rayleigh fading model is better suited. The applicability of these two models
 the search space of the semantically interacting event sequences is huge
 reducing communication and synchronization costs at the expense of redundantly computing some values on multiple PEs. However
 the number of AEs within each antenna cluster
 such as light weight and the ability to operate in rugged settings
 group cohesion
 and existing studies tend to focus on technical and administrative concerns while neglecting the potential political ramifications. This introductory essay aims to conceptualize and theorize the politics of non-state social welfare. We highlight three dimensions of the political consequences of non-state social welfare
 Web
cited By 34
 it becomes possible to identify four alternative foundational positions based on social media being perceived as a problem/possibility or homogeneous/heterogeneous. The general tendency in all material is that routines of command and control are established in order to create clear goals and practices for individual social media activities and thereafter to discipline social media activities to remain firmly within the intentions of the blueprint. This explicitly disallows activities to adapt to needs developing through interaction with citizens. Nevertheless
 including engagement and recognition memory. Using Twitter as a test bed
 the results came out as expected: ""Facebook"" had the greatest W-entropy index value
 the right-leaning blog network bore little similarity to traditional media's issue interpretation across two of the three issues.These findings point to two significant trends: the growing power of social influence among partisan blog networks and the weakening influence of elite
 time and public perception. First we explore the public perception dimension by performing sentiment analysis. This analysis enables us to filter out content that is not relevant for the sake of Dengue surveillance. Then
 are in a position to exert strong
 novelty and power of these technologies are such that to introduce them into problem-solving episodes without first developing a model of the nature of those episodes and the type of collaborative support they require
 and dissolve gradually over a period of time. Understanding this evolution is crucial to sociologists and domain scientists
 indicating that currently it is questionable whether social networks are effectively structured to prompt active societal involvement within internet pluralism
 addressing which requires policy intervention to support alternative structures that could sustain plurality and diversity in the media. {\textcopyright} 2011 Jamia Millia Islamia."
 but not a predominant means of accessing information. Inspiration is found from a very diverse and idiosyncratic set of sources
 each service application defines in second step. Application is services of user's level that offer the application through the some devices. Especially
 Y"
 to a lesser extent
 degree of diversification outside the media market and market share. The goal is to assess the degree of concentration that the sector maintains
cited By 1
 the ANC had already adopted many of its critical perspectives in addressing the perceived shortcomings of the mainstream commercial media - such as ownership concentration
 and stewardship as fundamental dimensions of responsibility
 produce more accurate search results than does a purely keyword-based search engine (referred to as ""standard search engine"")
 and the influence of human rights NGOs
 mechanisms that allow the user to specify classes of interesting objects are better suited for such users. Also
 and thus the classifier must operate with limited resources
 on one hand
 we look at the linguistic strategies used by psychiatrists to challenge and undermine such cinematic versions of their profession. Data come from 13 interviews conducted by a professional journalist with practising psychiatrists from the UK (n=4) and the USA (n=9). In challenging cinematic portrayals of psychiatry
 including the concepts of the wisdom of groups
 penalizes features in purely homogeneous areas
 the maximum entropy is achieved for a Gaussian process the autocorrelation of which is constructed. The case of a process with constant sign is considered next and an algorithm is formulated to simulate the non-Gaussian process yielding the maximum entropy. In the second part of the paper
 urban life
cited By 27
 infrequently
 multiple identities
 since objective Bayesian norms are tied up in the very notion of degrees of belief. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 Y"
 V A"
 2007
cited By 9
 the diversity of collaborating members might be an extra resource for reinforcing research quality. The purpose of this study is to investigate the impact of research collaboration and member diversity on research quality
 yet they all define a consistent north-to-south cline whereby *R is lost in the south. This cline
 a similarity hypothesis. However
 exhibiting varying aspects of sociocultural fragility and language endangerment. The findings of this research suggest that the more varied and complex the contact dynamics are
 ethnic identities
 idealised notions of rural motherhood and materiality
 through a comparative analysis
 and suggest ways in which these present new challenges and opportunities for developing pornography research. {\textcopyright} 2011 The Author. Sociology Compass {\textcopyright} 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd."
 yet inter-penetrating processes. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 which are linked to our political security? These questions are critical when trying to decipher the implications of Section J of the Beijing Platform for Action for women of the Pacific region
 space
 and political realities. This approach has undermined the customary justice systems without improving the capacity or performance of the formal justice system – resulting in a growing ‘justice vacuum'. For most Liberians the quest to obtain justice in this ‘vacuum' has increasingly become little more than an effort to secure advantage over opponents through the mobilization of social networks
cited By 0
cited By 3
cited By 4
 it elucidates how participation in the workshop translated into practice at the faculty participants' home institutions. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 0
 and a literary (as well as film) appreciation. The latter revisits critical stories and voices from Indonesian EFL classrooms."
 beliefs and values that constitute central aspects in our cosmology
 LLC."
 2005; Proc. of 46th IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science
 we first derive a model and formulate the problem as a resource demand vs supply problem. Then we present a framework to address the challenge via efficient bandwidth allocation and group cooperation. Through comprehensive simulations
 commercial media sources. In this paper we describe an analysis of 'first page' results retrieved through Google searches about several common health concerns
 despite the country's evident cultural and demographic diversity
 and levels of ethnic and racial diversity are key determinants of the size and scope of Latin America's social policy regimes. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 a 'hard-line' response: divorce is indeed prima facie impermissible promise-breaking. I next consider the 'hardship' response-the hardship of failed marriages overrides the prima facie duty to keep promises. However
cited By 21
cited By 1
 M and Ismail
 expertise
"Gooren
 grieve their losses
 a kind of 'second Copernican revolution'
 they act as important attractors and retainers of talent in their own right and in terms of the linkages and connections they create in the local economy; thirdly
 although Aristotle is considered as an antecedent
 integrated and compared. After a brief introduction to meta-theoretical analysis in cognitive science
 historical connections
"Sheridan
 this paper presents a novel framework named FlexView to support view abstraction and concretisation of WS-BPEL processes. In the FlexView framework
 which develops into two prominent views: INUS-causation and causal realism. A historical framework is also outlined for the opposition between quantitative and qualitative research
 how he deepens his knowledge about how identity and race manifest in the urban context
"Meyer
 and exceptionalism. My claims are that these pillars 1) were and are integral to the rise and maintenance of the U. S. Empire or the U. S. as hyperpower
 exhibition and education. Third
 an overview of the most representative techniques
 and more researcher openness to taking into account findings that challenge their theories. Theoretical growth also is needed
 in which new plural forms are formed which are
"Shaheen
"Duncan
 yet he calls on Muslims to ""resist"" the neo-liberal economic order that forms the basis of Western society. Ramadan has made alliances with left wing politicians and academics in France
cited By 18
 and show that the noisy wireless backhaul relay link induces tolerable performance deterioration compared to deploying a cable-connected distributed antenna. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 the computational time is reduced and false acceptance rates are decreased. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 and fathers' support)
 particularly radical activists that have a more critical relationship to human rights. Attempting to avoid the philosophical pathology of demanding that the world reflect our conception of it
 we demonstrate gPMSS on bit error traces in a fully reproducible manner. This is followed by an implementation of gPMSS in C{\#} on the .NET Micro Framework edition of the recently released Imote2 mote platform. We demonstrate by means of experiments an increase in the packet reception rate from 22-30{\%} to 73-76{\%}
 there is no one DF suite can encompass all aspects or purposes due to the dynamic diversities of computer crimes in their natures. Interchangeably utilizing various DF tools is a decent approach to find the causes for the associate computer crimes and prevents the related information security incidents from occurring. At last
 some of them contradictory. Such contradictions are related with the societal role of school
 high) between-subjects ANOVA indicates that a balance between skill and challenge induces greater flow. Theoretical contributions regarding the relevance of flow to electronic games and practical implications for the design of diverse game genres are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2011 Broadcast Education Association."
cited By 6
 which can support more nodes to access the same channel simultaneously. Moreover
 non-formal and informal. Thus
 while on the other hand it has been highlighted in literature the need to protect innocent buyers from being framed. Indeed
 capable of supporting connection to the real world around education in which students are able to act as autonomous learner-gatherers. The paper responds to concerns raised by Ciussi
cited By 66
 we propose E2MAC
 creating lines seem to diverge
 a novel adaptive distributed cooperative medium access control (ADC-MAC) protocol is proposed in order to address the inherent problems in the IEEE 802.11 standard when employed in vehicular networks. ADC-MAC exploits spatial diversities to maximize the system throughput as well as the service range of vehicular networks. This is accomplished through adaptively selecting the most suitable helper and transmission mode for transmit/receive pairs among direct transmission (DT)
 which is unavailable to the eavesdroppers. By exploiting such CSI
 because there are many other factors that impact student achievement in the instructional design and delivery process (Means
 symbol level network coding (SLNC) to combat the lossy wireless transmissions. Through exploiting symbol level diversity
 fragmentation of existing legislative tools and lack of designation status related to cultural/rural landscape areas causing severe threats on these has been the basis for discussions of this paper. For this purpose this paper aims to focus on achieving appropriate integrated management policies for coastal cultural landscape values of Turkey within the goals and strategies of ICZM principles. First section of the paper includes review on generation of important key concepts and milestones regarding cultural landscape management with specific emphasis on coastal areas and ICZM policies that are put forth by intergovernmental organizations. Second part continues with a brief overview and portrayal of the present situation in Turkey within existing legislative and administrative context. Third section continues with a detailed analysis on Mediterranean Region related to identification of coastal cultural landscape values and portrayal of current planning and management problems in these areas. For this purpose
 the weight of each query concept is determined using a parameterized combination of diverse importance features. Unlike the existing supervised ranking methods
 the nearest neighbor algorithm requires storing and searching the entire dataset
 without significant loss of diversification quality. In an extensive evaluation on several real-world data sets
 we propose a scalable two-stage personalized news recommendation approach with a two-level representation
 coverage
 the authors show that the messages can be delivered as per language preference of the recipient irrespective of the language of the original message. They demonstrate the proposed mechanism can deliver a large number of services
 aquariums and zoos
 technologically and environmentally) and energy
 which fully analyzes the area statistical properties and adopts HVS features. SVBA algorithm first divides the image into 8*8 blocks and analyzes the mean
 real-time analysis admission control and transport layer retransmissions. We evaluate the architectures in terms of reliability
 K and Ngoc
"Kim
 annotations and external web links. We studied the use of CAM in three student design projects. We observed that CAM facilitated new ways of collaborating in joint design projects. The serendipitous and asynchronous nature of CAM facilitated expressions of design aesthetics
 we defined the key elements of an adaptive probabilistic forwarding scheme. We show that it outperforms the opportunistic elements of two well-known opportunistic routing protocols: SOAR and Directed Transmission
 as having a cost-effective supply chain will be pretty meaningless if nobody trusts you enough to buy from you
"Schirru
"Song
cited By 7
 the fact that DePaul is a liberal arts institution
"Nickel
 in order to predict which users will stay and which ones will leave. We find that simple variables directly measuring the intensity and diversity of a user's interaction with others are most predictive. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2010
CEUR Workshop Proceedings
 mobile computing
 9]. We argue that ARGs exhibit pedagogically desirable qualities that are ideally suitable for learning purposes
 also attracts the interest of cybercriminals. For example
 a novel measure that is extended from the conventional average precision. Comprehensive experiments and user studies demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach. We also apply the scheme for web image search reranking
 the latter facilitates people-based product search and evaluation. We constructed experimental websites using actual data from one of the largest social-network-based product-search websites in China. The results show that information seekers perceive their product search experience as highly diagnostic when product tags are provided. When both product tags and featured users are present
 share and create knowledge for self-realisation. Students now expect to assume greater control by becoming co-creators of content and by producing rather than being mere consumers of predetermined resources. Worldwide
 and how individual attributes such as personality and cultural background impact communication
 such as the tagged images in Flickr
 at first
 and designs an interface whereby each hotel of interest is ranked according to its average consumer surplus on the travel search site. This system would display the hotels with the ""best value for money"" for a given consumer at the top of the computer screen during the travel search process in response to a query. The final outcome based on several user studies shows that our proposed ranking system outperforms the existing baselines. This suggests that our inter-disciplinary approach has the potential to enhance user search experience for information seeking in the context of economic decision-making."
 which can characterize user interest in two dimensions: context (location
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved."
"Park
 there has emerged cyborg referred to either bot-assisted human or human-assisted bot. To assist human users in identifying who they are interacting with
cited By 338
 which will create common candidate attribute label sets by defining data format rules. Then we construct the mapping relationship between the attributes and the labels using attribute value information and the maximum entropy model
 in our method
 a new event detection method filtered out rare but older event while maximum entropy method filtered out rare but inactive technologies. Third
 and the United States. Pro-Russian views
 which will be explained in the other part of this two-part monograph. {\textcopyright} 2011 T. Wiegand and H. Schwarz."
 the kind of support the students actually need and prefer to use - from the pool of available resources - remains insufficiently understood in current research. To address this gap
 S M and Far
 contingent upon specifc content
 X M and Rad
 however
 T P"
 K and Gomez
 dissemination
 identities and practices for other kinds of interactive media users. Although some respondents think positively of interactive media in an educational context
"Rastrow
 T and Mori
 2005; 2006; 2007; 2008). The Australian Press Council has presented its own study to mirror that of the Pew Centre in an effort to report on the Australian context (APC
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved."
 and surveys of wireless Internet users in those sites
 informal organizational structure tends to form a network of good reachability; that is
 however
cited By 2
 under such circumstances the fixed global parameter k is not robust for all queries with diverse semantics. In this paper
 or by the failure of media workers to pressure for the public interest and the right to know
 high-needs schools. Drawing from a larger research project
 an alphabetic
 called Apex. Our Software Defined Radio (SDR)-based experiments reveal that Apex can improve video quality by 5 to 20 dB (PSNR) across a diverse set of wireless conditions
 and hierarchical clustering. Openly available information on the Drupal website is utilized to perform the analysis of the community. The data is transformed into two weighted undirected networks: networks of people and networks of Drupal modules. Both the structure of these networks and their evolution during the past six years are studied. The networks are visualized by mapping them into images. Based on the analysis
 we propose a distributed semantic P2P overlay
 thus enabling us to identify the conditions under which virtual organizations will be successful. Guided by social change
 which capture the semantic shifts of topics
 and can be provided to users by timeline. These contents are generally processed data streams
 we proposed the classification architecture that embraces social clues which consist of the user profile
cited By 0
 in some novel near-field SR scenarios
 and various methodological ambiguities
 which includes numerous exceptions for Spanish programming to promote content and ownership diversity. Consistent with the FCC'smandate to protect the public interest
 which are two popular and accurate algorithms in the domain of text classification. The final result is that ME method consistently outpeiforms naive Bayes and SVM algorithms in accuracy. On the WebKB and Industry Vector data sets
 and playcount data from last.fm. We propose methods to derive artist rankings based on these four sources and perform cross-comparison of the resulting rankings via overlap scores. We further elaborate on the advantages and disadvantages of all approaches as they yield interestingly diverse results. {\textcopyright} 2010 International Society for Music Information Retrieval."
cited By 4
 called foaf-O- matic
 the approaches to information ethics education (the current educational approach
 speaker change and music
cited By 1
"{\c{C}}Arkoǧlu
"Smyrnaios
 domain specific or media specific partially fulfil multimedia information needs because they are mostly mono-modal and able to perform search with in one media type at a time. We explore with the help of multimedia object analysis that search with in all the subsets of multimedia object types is possible by using only four index types
 profound and complex changes. Creativity and culture become essential raw materials for the knowledge economy."
cited By 1
 photos and videos. The abundance and diversity of the resources call for better integration to improve the accessibility. A straightforward approach is to link the resources via tags so that resources from different modals sharing the same tag can be connected as a graph structure. This naturally motivates a new kind of information retrieval system
cited By 1
 V and Watson
"Spedalieri
 among prosecular elites; weak ideational change on the Kurdish issue. The article argues that the press plays a significant political role as a site where elite values change or are reproduced through discussion
 contact by contact
 education
 Association for Research in Computer-Aided Architectural Research in Asia (CAADRIA)."
cited By 3
 including pre-creation
 peer-to-peer fle sharing
 and then receives rewards for just the selected actions. The goal is to minimize the regret with respect to total reward of the best slate computed in hindsight. We consider unordered and ordered versions of the problem
 a Medium Access Control protocol
 indicates how ubiquitous audio technology can be used effectively and
cited By 4
 utilitarianism and principled pluralism as referent points for epistemological and pedagogical renewal. In conclusion
 B and Jayamani
 and the science and technology revolution and the development of the media such as Internet also provide a solid stage for the appearance of the new logo form. {\textcopyright} 2010 IEEE."
cited By 1
 L C and Crisan
cited By 5
 and difficulty. Evidence consistent with response amplification and expectancy violation theories was found. Women professors were viewed as more warm than men professors even though their course syllabuses were identical. Students' ratings of women and Latina/os were
cited By 4
cited By 6
 A E and Ivashin
 tf
 Bayesian network (BN)
"Veyseh
 liaison with school staff
 LLC 2010."
 extending previously known results in the affine setting. The key concept is the Quadric of Segments (QoS)
cited By 22
cited By 9
 careful attention must be paid to cultural
 must be evaluated in the same world and time. To explain this generalization
"Kera
 images
 through mental mechanisms and/or through intuitive processes. In the current study
"Badidi
cited By 12
 while some linguistic measures perform better than most lexical measures
 multiculturalism
 with consequences of some adaptive systems being felt only much later and directing the forces responsible for the ultimate disappearance of the Mousterian and Uluzzian technocomplexes in favor of the proto-Aurignacian industry
 we introduce CodePlay
 how the VGS may best be used in clinical settings is discussed. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 as opposed to mall intercept
 and report performance evaluations that gauge the codes' consumed bandwidth and migration delay
 and artist as information sender can send the concept from various angles through the work. Motif of the work is Auschwitz Museum. In the exhibition
 but they also approach the classical museums of history and folk culture."
 albeit
 and the same security weaknesses exist as in the existing media or protocols. Particularly
 several privacy preserving methodologies have been proposed
 either practically local or theoretically abstract
 we asked the question: What type of interface input capabilities provide best support for science problem solving in both low- and high-performing students? High school students' ability to solve a diverse range of biology problems was compared over longitudinal sessions while they used: (1) hardcopy paper and pencil (2) a digital paper and pen interface (3) pen tablet interface
 we propose a novel approach and architecture for multimodal biometrics that leverages the emerging grid information services and harnesses the capabilities of neural network as well. We describe how such a neuro-grid architecture is modelled with the prime objective of overcoming the barriers of biometric risks and privacy issues through flexible and adaptable multimodal biometric fusion schemes. On one hand
 L P and Foley
 the behavior of Chinese consumers
cited By 5
 the Communications Act 2003 and the Regulatory Framework for Electronic Communications Services 2002 adopted by the EU
 environmental or social priorities). In my paper
 or re-entering the work place. The primary aim of the internship was to 'provide authentic science for diverse student populations (and their teachers)
 a modified latent Dirichlet allocation (mLDA) based distribution is also introduced. At the classification stage
 two types of in equalities that permeate the system of influence are revealed
"Foley
 2005] for wireless sensor networks. Unlike previous approach
 the receiver and themselves to judge whether they can provide cooperation gain. If they can
 sharing and delivery of huge sensor data to consumers as the entire Sensor-Grid environment is very dynamic. Existing works to develop the CBPSID system in Sensor-Grid mostly focus on reducing the effort to define and maintain subscriptions and to handle the difficulty of dynamic changes of publishers and consumers data. However
 this study highlights considerable diversity in terms of the patterns of the contribution
 technologies
 students are faced with the film cultural environment that can be used as a means of comparison. The pre- and post- watching film activities are in accordance with our designed curriculum. Finally
cited By 0
 also where the most challenges lie. To do this in practice
 two improvements based on part-whole and ""no"" patterns are introduced to increase the recall. Then feature ranking is applied to the extracted feature candidates to improve the precision of the top-ranked candidates. We rank feature candidates by feature importance which is determined by two factors: feature relevance and feature frequency. The problem is formulated as a bipartite graph and the well-known web page ranking algorithm HITS is used to find important features and rank them high. Experiments on diverse real-life datasets show promising results."
 financial structure
 fault-detection
 we show that MMSE-LCP-OFDM equalization provides a significant performance improvement in the so-called overestimated channels. Unlike MMSE-LCP-OFDM
 sensor and actuator dynamics
 bruitist
cited By 6
 combat missions performed by cooperative teams of unnamed vehicles
cited By 20
 there has been little examination of the challenges involved in assessing the work students create or the activities they undertake using these tools. The transformation of academic authoring in a social web environment poses complex and urgent assessment-related challenges for policy-makers and educators alike. In this paper we describe the participatory approach we have taken in a project that aims to identify issues and support good assessment practices when students are asked to use social web technologies in medium to high-stakes assessment. In this paper
 it has not been examined in the new context of the SAR of P.R. China. This study attempted to identify teaching strategies generally used in the English Department at a teacher training institution in Hong Kong. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were employed in this research. As a result
 Iran
 integrating diverse urban populations
"Davies
 Cechov's work nevertheless develops the possibility of transformation: the inauthentic everyday is not represented as an existential feature but as a socio-historical condition. {\textcopyright} 2010 The Association of Scandinavian Slavists and Baltologists."
 Z and Harper
 in which case he would interact with members of both these groups. The problem we address is not that of finding the overlapping clusters
 video websites would like to suggest related videos to users to maximize the time they spend on their sites. Ergo it is crucial that sites like YouTube provide users with recommendations that are relevant to them. Moreover
 existence of automatic systems such as spell and grammar checker/corrector can help in reducing costs and increasing the electronic texts and it will improve the quality of electronic texts. You can input your text and the computer program will point out to you the spelling errors. It may also help with your grammar. Grammatical errors are described as wrong relation between words like subject-verb disagreement or wrong sequence of words like using plural noun where a single noun is needed. Grammar checking phase starts after spell checking is finished. This paper briefly describes the concepts and definition of grammar checkers in general followed by developing the first Persian (Farsi) grammar checker leading to an overview of the error types of Persian language. The proposed system detects and corrects about 20 frequent Persian grammar errors and tested on a sample dataset
 semantically oriented method based on semantic networks which are derived by a syntactico-semantic parser. Semantically identical or similar semantic networks for each sentence of a given base text are efficiently retrieved by using a specialized semantic network index. In order to detect many kinds of paraphrases the current base semantic network is varied by applying inferences: lexico-semantic relations
 computer simulation is carried out to prove the above theory analyses. {\textcopyright} 2010 IEEE."
"Kienreich
 such binding is post-conscious. Further to this
cited By 0
 participate and make informed decisions about whether they need to learn more about a topic
 we propose a novel approach to classify the people appearing in the news video into different communities. In our approach
 the entire P2P system can be crippled by manipulating or simply denying access to resources. We propose Reputation for Directory Services (ReDS)
 we also present a structure-preserving media retargeting technique that preserves the content and image structure as best as possible. Since we focus on protecting the content structure
 particularly at lower frequencies. RF tomography offers the potential to yield high
 we present the performance sensitivity of the proposed interconnect architecture on shared memory bandwidth availability. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2010 Shoaib Akram et al."
"Wan
 thus introducing a new way of interaction with application portals and other mobile users."
 thus introducing a new way of interaction with application portals and other mobile users."
 the algorithm shed light on the social computing applications by which the attitude of a person toward another can be predicted from evidence provided by their around friends relationships. {\textcopyright} 2010 IEEE."
 can be an effective approach to reduce the dimensionality of the feature space. Inspired by a similar research on functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) of brain
 Caucasian/White
 environment exploration and medical diagnosis. Different segmentation techniques are available in the literature for segmenting or simplifying the underwater images. The performance of an image segmentation algorithm depends on its simplification of image. In this paper
 called Apex. Our Software Defined Radio (SDR)-based experiments reveal that Apex can improve video quality by 5 to 20 dB (PSNR) across a diverse set of wireless conditions
"Shamma
 installed in the social spaces of a research institution. ResearchWave represents information on research activities in a lightweight and aesthetically pleasing manner. Research-Wave is based on a ""walk up and use"" approach: it uses multiple levels of visual encodings to engage people while allowing them to learn more with each novel encounter. In this paper
 which was used to collect data from a sample of 145 SMEs. Analysis took the form of computation of means and frequency distributions. Findings revealed that the point of sale system was the most widely used e-commerce technology and the major reason for e-commerce technology adoption was competitive advantage. The main challenge faced by the firms in their use of e-commerce technologies was threat to security. The results clearly indicate the necessity to provide support to SMEs if they are to successfully adopt and use e-commerce. The results have implications not only for managers of SMEs but also for government bodies in developing countries such as Botswana. {\textcopyright} International Journal of Emerging Technologies and Society 2010."
cited By 12
 receiving country and global conditions; however
 Part II of the special issue explores gendered body image from vantage points of intersectionality and diversity-importantly recognizing that culturally-prescribed appearance ideals for women and men combine with multiple individual variables and identities (e. g.
 thereby ensuring an equilibrium
 M and Iqbal
cited By 1
"Inthorn
 and analyzed. We also discuss strengths of the proposed approach in comparison to the use of descriptions elicited in controlled settings for the purposes of research. Through a grounded theory approach
 it is believed that cultural differences profoundly impact on how people use SNSs. Unfortunately
 US elementary school with considerable diversity in race and socioeconomic status. The results offer only partial support for the two cultures theory
 I explore some of the ramifications of this framing tactic
 such that improved health behaviors may occur at the cost of increased emotional distress. The current study accordingly sought to examine marital status differences in the sources
 text
 the diversity and multiplicity of contexts faced by patients/families
 M S and Smith
 transport dynamics in highly-confined regions has been of interest in the last few decades because of industrial and medical applications. Aspects of confined transport remain elusive
 seniority
 language is proven to have been the mirror of politics and party ideology."
 motivations for using Second Life
 which provides powerful ammunition for a variety of social problem frames. Specifically
 the authors share insights from a pilot bridging program for Internationally Educated Teachers (IETs) at the University of Manitoba. Policy implications for immigrant teacher related initiatives
 armed force
 2006)
 its implementation by public authorities and the diversity of immigration status and associated rights accorded to these three groups of migrants
 constituencies
 such as lower levels of academic achievement
 we adopt the KM method to find out a saturated matching M
cited By 32
 flows are aggregated into flow classes. Furthermore
 intermittent operation is employed in several medium access control (MAC) protocols in sensor networks. Moreover
 we analyze code alternation and code-mixing practices in naturally occurring conversations among family members of the bilingual in Greek and Turkish Muslim community of Rhodes. Firstly
 from their earliest years in pre-school
 and interaction. The results
 is drawing increasing attention. In order to take full advantage of the network resource in universities
cited By 3
cited By 11
cited By 2
 and programmable infrastructure cooperate to flexibly compose media-oriented services with diverse requirements according to user's context and resource heterogeneity. Copyright 2010 ACM."
 the southern Jiangsu region
 and in giving advice on restoring infrastructure. The intercultural interactions provided alternative views of an event constructed from diverse cultural perspectives. We found that the intercultural interactions we observed suggest a degree of intercultural competency within the blogosphere. Copyright 2010 ACM."
 team empowerment) as important predictors of global virtual team effectiveness. In exploring the relationships
 Mainland China
 the lack of socialization attitudes and the tolerance of differences that characterized on-line groups. The new technologies open new horizons and cognitive functions. {\textcopyright} 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
 the unit of belonging
 evaluating ECEC quality was considered a dynamic and continuous process
 i.e.
 educational
 and manage to facilitate cross-system cooperation among multiple partners remain under explored. They represent the evolution of a rich and varied history of models of leadership in social networks and social movements. In this qualitative study
 which is used to transport the steganographic channel
 1466-1837). However
 as well as their beliefs about their friends' attitudes. Although considerable attitude similarity exists among friends
 diet diversity and the composite food security of women in the Nuwara Eliya district was higher than their sister counterparts in Kangra district. Social network security is defined as the capacity of individuals to maintain and participate in social networks that reduce risks and help overcome deprivation."
 and generally the territorial
 we propose cryptographic optimizations that vastly improve enforcement efficiency. We further explore the use of such policies in two proposed applications: a HIPAA compliant distributed file system and a social network. A performance analysis and characterization of ABE primitives demonstrates the ability to reduce cryptographic costs by as much as 98{\%} over previously proposed constructions. Through this
 diverse media frames may help to cultivate a more reflexive citizenry."
 respectively. All our methods are strong
450 participants across 16 discussion groups from Google Groups that took place over a 2-year period. It utilizes automated text analysis
 we use possibilistic clustering to partition the data into groups (or clusters). The optimal number of clusters is evaluated automatically from the data using the Information Entropy as a validity measure. In the second step
 we found support for this model on a convenience sample of 107 mixed-race minority-White participants. The results suggest that affective processes rather than observable characteristics such as prototypical physical appearance better predict self-categorization among mixed-race individuals. {\textcopyright} 2010 American Psychological Association."
 but depending on their own levels of information
 and has a little effect on the compression ratio and transmission bandwidth. What's more
"Sardana
 G and Kong
 we formulate the scheduling as a convex optimization problem
 which in her view remained more or less within a Newtonian
 medium errors
 consists of a re-reading of La Araucana by Alonso de Ercilla. Parody in these texts manifests through the imitation of some of the characteristics of the chronicles
 we can utilize advanced radio resource management schemes to achieve a high multi-user diversity
 keeping in mind the constraints of similarity
"Yan
 using a methodology based on a combination of grounded theory and thematic analysis identified two potentially competing views espoused by the students at both sites. First
 in this paper
 a two-transmitter two-receiver model is constructed. Because distributed spacetime coding is applied at the transmitting set (transmitter and its partner)
 Lutherans
 although both show partly similar mindsets and attitudes concerning
 and at run-time
 there exist researches on social networks
 service innovation studies and the neo-Schumpeterian approach are presented. Moreover
 employing a range of strategies to encourage empathy between performers and audience
 a compromise position is presented along with recommendations for further research and the optimal use of both the styles and cultural-historical approaches. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 as a consequence to the very massive number of blogs as well as the so diverse topics of blog posts available on the Web
 utilizes household resources
 but the relationship between American Jewry and Israel is transforming itself into something new and more mature. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science + Business Media B.V."
 place
 K A"
 but rather through a more difficult ideological terrain that moves from the hybridity of postcolonialism to the cosmopolitanism of cultural globality. {\textcopyright} The Author(s)
 we found that participants' identification with White and/or Black culture produced levels of body satisfaction and a set of beauty ideals that generally corresponded to four racial identity groups: identification with White or Black culture
cited By 1
 and the mainstream media reported the allegations without investigating their veracity. As a result
 recommender systems or advertising and search
 recommender systems or advertising and search
 recommender systems or advertising and search
 recommender systems or advertising and search
cited By 12
 a review of the relevant research was conducted. An overview and meta-analysis of the literature (22 studies) regarding user typology was established and analysed with reference to (1) method
 these findings draw a complex picture of the mediatization and personalization process. {\textcopyright} 2010 Walter de Gruyter GmbH {\&} Co. KG."
 a complex whole of user activities can be found. Each cluster shows specific use of and opinions about interactive media. This provides a contextualized understanding of the position of interactive media in the lives of contemporary youth
 dynamic linear hash index is used in these vectors to adapt to the flexible expanding or updating of CSRN and quickly retrieval based on multiple examples without the limit of media modality by hash intersection. We show through experiment based on different modalities or different numbers of examples that our approach can provide more flexible retrieval mode and more accurate retrieval results. {\textcopyright} 2010 Binary Information Press."
"Zhang
 for identifying the rules of integrating with statistics on the network security text. Experimental results show that the new algorithm improves the performance in precision and recall rate. {\textcopyright} 2010 Binary Information Press."
 social networks and 'cosmopolitanism'. {\textcopyright} 2010 Taylor {\&} Francis."
cited By 12
 independent of the directory language. Our system has applications in areas like social networking
 respectively. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 M Z and Boldak
 television
 and thus suggests an approach to simplifying the design of nanoscale analog-to-digital converters and sensor networks. {\textcopyright} 2010 Elsevier Ltd."
 the article contributes to the discussion on the importance of 'conditioning factors' in explaining the 'integration' of new arrivals. Although familial and co-ethnic ties influence the availability and interaction of social
 mobility as temptation and mobility control. {\textcopyright} 2010 Elsevier Ltd."
 policy
 performing her identities
 songs
 rural or urban background
 which is employed to obtain the performance of protocol II at high SNR. The reliability of theoretical analysis is validated by simulation results
 carrier frequency and timing offsets
 two phases of service selection
 Melyssa Ford
 which can reduce excessive probing overhead required to gather the channel conditions of all receivers. We evaluate the proposed DPFS using extensive simulation and simulation results show that DPFS obtains higher network throughput than conventional scheduling schemes while maintaining fairness among users. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 1 additional antenna in selection diversity and combining is required to achieve the same capacity as in a 2 × 4 all-digital CL system at low SNR. The additional number of antennas is smaller in CL than in OL. The effective channel capacity based on the SNR maximization criterion is similar to that based on the C̃ maximization criterion
 LLC."
 E"
"Beaulieu
"Inbar-Lourie
 some common challenges
 a mote-class sensor platform that combines two such heterogneous radios (XE1205 and CC2420) and our implementation of the Q-learning based switching protocol in TinyOS 2.0. Using experiments conducted in a variety of urban and forested environments
 while simultaneously facing subtle forms of discrimination. Being aware of this situation
cited By 2
cited By 7
 extend SMT solvers to reason about FP constraints (months of work or more)
 they all require training
 persons living in rural and remote areas
 Indonesian poetry
 the noise plus interference process has a mixed distribution. As a result
 creates a kind of safe space
 transmission rate and latency limit requirements in this work. Simulation results indicate that the proposed scheme improves the system throughput by as much as 100-130{\%} compared with the typical maximum user required data rate scheme
 the proposed scheme selects the dedicated sensing node for the channel with the best sensing performance. Numerical results show that the performance of the proposed scheme is almost the same as the cooperative spectrum sensing while our proposed scheme requires only one sensing node for the spectrum sensing. {\textcopyright}2010 IEEE."
 the outage probability of a dual branch receive diversity system
 inheritance
 especially on the small screens of mobile devices. This calls for a need to manage the annotations. In this paper
 B and Abolhasan
 F Y"
 others must be addressed experientially
 we propose a ranking framework
 development
 our algorithm is as simple as Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm
 and opens up a new area of research for the development of medium access control protocols aimed at managing interference. {\textcopyright} 2010 IEEE."
 and to offer empirical description of actual reading experiences. Survey data is generated by taking advantage of an online resource: an archive of children's book reviews of Roald Dahl's The BFG posted on the website of the Spaghetti Book Club
 Liverpool and Manchester United owned by Americans and a large minority shareholder at Arsenal is American. Beyond directorship/ownership issues
 has devoted more than two decades of his life to collecting data from official archives and interviewing survivors
 body image disturbance
 and entrepreneurial officials from urban and regional governments use different techniques to identify local risks and vulnerabilities. In this contentious process
 Canada in 2003. I explore how the influence of Mahmood Mamdani's concept of 'culture talk' acts as a pervasive authorising discourse in these debates and the impact that this has on the conceptualisation of cultural citizenship. {\textcopyright} 2010 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 presence of ethical
 the size of each salient region is obtained by maximizing entropy. The merit of our model is that it can attend a class target object which can appearinthe corresponding background class. Experimental results indicate that: when the attended target object doesn't always appear in the background corresponding to that in the training images
cited By 2
 and its far-reaching transnational operations. This study surveys Hizbullah's resourcing requirements
 we demonstrate that multiuser transmission with a scheduling algorithm and single-user transmission with enhanced spatial multiplexing achieve enhanced performance by exploiting multiuser diversity in the space and time domains. Especially
 LLC. 2009."
 we apply it to the leak FD for a discrete model
 who already socioculturally assume the teacher's role as part of family. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
 and the results show that the MUMDA is effective and can be well adaptive to the dynamic environments rapidly. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 LLC."
 is characterized by its radius ri and its demand bi. The objective is to determine the packing pattern corresponding to the minimum unused area of R for the circular pieces placed. This problem is solved by using a hybrid algorithm that adopts beam search and a looking-ahead strategy. A node at a level l of the beam-search tree contains a partial solution corresponding to the circles already placed inside R. Each node is then evaluated using a looking-ahead strategy
 some of which are large dimensions. Computational results have demonstrated the effectiveness of this scatter search approach. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 a diverse and well-structured initial chromosome population was constructed. Second
"Shafique
 however
 respectively. It has been evaluated through extensive simulations and its simplistic form makes it very promising for implementation and deployment. Results indicate that the protocol can clearly provide a relative quality differentiation for connectionless traffic and guarantee null (or negligible
 is introduced. Simulation studies show that SAMAC delivers high energy efficiency and predictable delay performance with graceful degradation in performance with increased load. {\textcopyright} 2010 IEEE."
 followed by an evaluation of the performance of the different possible combinations of IEEE 802.11e QoS and power saving mechanisms compared to the legacy 802.11 medium access protocol and power save mode. Our results show the level at which the 802.11e QoS and power saving mechanisms meet their design objectives
 we propose a simple cooperative transmission mechanism for a two-user cooperative pair. We derive the two-user stability region of the proposed system and show the improvements compared to noncooperative systems. The benefits can be attributed to both physical layer cooperation
 we advocate that routing be made aware of network coding opportunities rather than
 such as an interactive feature accompanying a text-based article
"Weibert
 as an example
 while the group sizes of channels are controlled in order to fulfill the fairness requirement. To flexibly compromise the tradeoff between throughput and fairness
 (c) describes the advancements made by the research presented in this issue relative to the 15 recommendations offered in Moradi and Huang's (2008) review of the past decade of objectification theory research
 industry
 low error rate). Thus network resources remain under-utilized and performance is not maximized. In this work
 similar term candidates are grouped into concrete concepts with unsupervised term clustering methods. Our goal is automatic news processing with minimum resources
 authored and contributed to a number of open source technologies in order to address these requirements at Facebook. These include Scribe
 or anonymization by forming k pairwise isomorphic subgraphs
 time and the body
 when equality was not firmly established as a key issue on international or national agendas
cited By 692
 and rank the images according to their similarity among local neighborhoods instead of across the entire photo collection. We design a novel algorithm named RankCompete
 and single parents. In this paper
 siblings by choice. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 iterative approach to trust that marries both theory and practice. On the theoretical side
 analyze the typical structure of the P2P streaming media system
cited By 5
 which creates the adaptive contents for learners according to learner's interest and learning contexts. The evaluation on a mobile virtual community system shows that the learners may not only study in rich media on mobile device at any time {\&} place
 which connect them to one another. Based on this position
"Chen
 as well as similarity measures
 is a rich
cited By 5
 we cannot use traditional encryption and authentication to prevent the adversaries from eavesdropping on the wireless communication. In this paper
 an empirical study about the effects of a specific script for collaborative online search on learning activities is presented. The further potentials and the limitations of the S-COL approach are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2010 International Society of the Learning Sciences
 interactive
 acknowledging
 in the spirit of Orwellian doublethink
cited By 0
 L and Hockenberry
 a study about the use of social network information in making recommendations will probably produce productive results. In this study
 2007
cited By 14
 yet required significantly lower time investments from participants. {\textcopyright} 2010 ACM."
 many of the tenets and basic assumptions of the positivist and critical paradigms need to be revised
 2) the importance of 'imaginative aspects' in shaping the meanings women formed of therapeutic networks and 3) the diverse ways in which women created and sustained these networks
 minimality
 p. 3). A century ahead of current attempts to develop principles for global journalism ethics
 the overall contribution of these peer ideology beliefs to the prediction of individuals' prejudiced attitudes was comparable for both homophobic and racist attitudes. Attention to proximal social networks and the social dynamics within these networks can contribute to better explanations of individual differences in prejudiced attitudes. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2010."
cited By 1
 with this format depending on his interests. This idea is defended by considering examples that are representative for explanatory practice in software engineering. Different kinds of technological explanation are spelled out
 educational shortcomings and forms of patriarchal violence (e.g. forced marriages or 'honour killings') to the immigrants' Islamic origin. The imaginary separation of Muslim/Turkish and Western/German social spheres and value systems is characteristic of a re-evaluated German integrationism which makes allegiance to 'our values' a necessary precondition for belonging. As an essential part of this integrationism the public 'Islamization' of immigrants is predominantly pushed and reinforced by politicians of different camps
 and compensation (C)-in middle adolescence (Grades 8 through 10) and concurrent and predictive relationships with measures of Positive Youth Development (PYD). A fourth process
 combining aspects from certificate-based and behaviour-based approaches on trust establishment on common evaluation processes and metrics. It enables controlled trust evolution based on network pre-configuration
 often conflicting
 this paper highlights an often overlooked current of thinking whereby sectarianism/localism has been replaced with a commitment to universal principles such as human rights and other global causes. This cohort of young Muslims was less 'home-centred' (i. e. transnational) than their parents' generation and more global in political orientation
 creators left behind digital and physical traces that heightened recipients' appreciation for the gift and enabled a diverse set of meanings to emerge. Digital engagements with Spyn became a means for unraveling the value of the gift: recipients used digital information associated with the physical objects to interpret the story behind the objects and their creators. We discuss the nature of this relationship between digital and physical material and its implications for craft. {\textcopyright} 2010 ACM."
cited By 13
 social and cultural issues involved in the acceptance of IT systems by all stakeholders of the organisation. Indeed increasingly it has been acknowledged that one of the main determinants of IT success is organisational culture
 we consider the problem of calculating near-optimal routes for MAs that incrementally fuse the data as they visit the nodes in a WSN. The order of visited nodes (the agent's itinerary) affects not only the quality but also the overall cost of data fusion. Our proposed heuristic algorithm adapts methods usually applied in network design problems in the specific requirements of sensor networks. It computes an approximate solution to the problem by suggesting an appropriate number of MAs that minimizes the overall data fusion cost and constructs near-optimal itineraries for each of them. The performance gain of our algorithm over alternative approaches both in terms of cost and task completion latency is demonstrated by a quantitative evaluation and also in simulated environments through a Java-based tool. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 Character
 a single-view variant of Co-Training
 consequently
 therefore it is not trivial to identify misbehaving nodes. In a fading scenario where an automatic repeat request (ARQ) protocol is used
cited By 40
"Li
 and sorting agreeable content first appears to decrease satisfaction rather than increasing it. These findings have important implications for builders of websites that aggregate content reflecting different positions. {\textcopyright} 2010 ACM."
 information
"" which serves to reinforce extreme opinions. We present Opinion Space: a new online interface incorporating ideas from deliberative polling
 newspapers and published writings
 albeit plural
 if not partisan
 and the ways in which it sought to instill a sense of cross-cultural appreciation and solidarity among students through the inclusion of art from different cultures and generations. We then share our research findings and our return to the realm of philosophy to interpret them. Our postcolonial analysis incorporates emerging discussions of the arts as a tool for resistance and dialogue within the system of public education
 but drivers who cannot charge frequently are unlikely to make up the cost of large PHEV battery packs with future fuel cost savings. We construct an optimization model to determine the optimal PHEV design and optimal allocation of PHEVs
"Mcquire
 social practices involving one's close friends as well as less established ties. Our analyses suggest gender differences in level of engagement with SNS social practices. Women pursue more stronger-tie activities than men
 mean SEIQoL-DW scores increased significantly over the course of the program. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media B.V./The International Society for Quality-of-Life Studies (ISQOLS)."
 both p{\textless}0.01)
 and compare the outcomes to that which is based on cycles- entropy. We show that both cyclic and degree entropy optimization are equivalent and provide the same final optimal distribution. Hence
 a particular instance of individual agency is identified as a means to transcend the structuring influence of technology and management regulation. Noticeably
 their daily affairs
 L"
 which is a promising open-source software-defined radio system. Both single-relay cooperation and multi-relay cooperation can be supported in our testbed. Some key techniques are provided to solve the main challenges during the testbed development: e.g.
 we present our research on computing an end-to-end throughput bound of OR in multiradio multi-channel multi-hop wireless networks. We formulate the capacity of OR as a linear programming (LP) problem which jointly solves the radio-channel assignment and transmission scheduling. Leveraging our analytical model
 and a generic approach to integrate the DAC MAC/PHY layer into a typical routing algorithm. Considering the use of DAC for multiple network flows
 and the topology is optimized accordingly. The proposed ILP formulations are solved to optimality for medium-size instances to analyze the quality of the designed networks
 this paper provides an opportunistic routing policy with congestion diversity (ORCD). ORCD uses a measure of draining time to opportunistically identify and route packets along the paths with an expected low overall congestion. Previously
"Jeyaraj
 we examined youths' SSR and OSR over time. Multivariate regression analyses suggest that involvement in a SSR was positively associated with changes in self-esteem in males
 and which interactions should be provided by a system
 cooperative algorithms
 Z J and Liu
 and perhaps undesirable
 and b) shows that the extended index behaves more consistently across institutional settings (i.e. Flanders and the UK) than both underlying measures independently. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2010."
 the federation managed to influence the corporation's policy documents
 diversity
 limited processing capacity
 assertions of youthful identity
 2004; Venezia {\&} Kirst
 (b) conflict and (c) gender that arose among students during the development of a student-created game. {\textcopyright} 2010 The Author. Journal compilation {\textcopyright} 2010 NSEAD/Blackwell Publishing Ltd."
 art theory
 M and Sumner
cited By 8
cited By 4
 build international reputations and support innovation across every sector of the economy. At the same time
 serving as role models
 it can also accommodate our strongest intuitions regarding the progress of science. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 social inequality
 counterpoint character
 spiritualism
 LLC."
 to optimize the process of query execution over Web Services. In other words
 program evaluation
 the encounter with Darwinism in the late nineteenth century as part of an alien culture
"Katz
 and (c) reduce server's storage in CDN settings. Importantly
 evolution dynamics
 such as value generation objects (or assets that generate value)
 we found that the project allowed the expression of multiple voices of both groups
 while at the same time it exhibits acceptable proximity performance. Whilst DPS has certain advantages when it comes to scaling problems
 LLC 2010."
 relevance feedback (RF) learning has been successfully applied as a technique aimed at reducing the semantic gap. Inspired by this
 with some notable studies suggesting that alternatively licensed teachers are as likely as their traditionally prepared counterparts to quit teaching or migrate out of urban school settings. In this study
 and will become less susceptible to business cycles. Indeed
 shortest path tree routing (SPT)
 i.e.
 LLC."
 I argue that these two aspects did not develop independently from one another. Instead I claim that his theory is designed to slip through the Iron Curtain
 between participants of a range of first language and cultural backgrounds
 D and Baker
 and they will achieve this largely because of their direct institutional connections to the owners and executives who run the knowledge economy. There are no signs that the current economy is redistributing economic authority in a more egalitarian way
 ideally
"Gutierrez
 higher self-esteem and respect from co-workers). However
 which has the lowest diversion rate among the three scenarios; scenario 2 is based on the balance between a long-term planning objective and the current situation with the medium diversion rate; and scenario 3 is based on a long-term planning objective which has the highest diversion rate among the three scenarios. Results from the model indicate that a solution with a lower significance level would lead to a higher system reliability and system cost; conversely
 government approval of holding companies was one of the most controversial issues. Changes to the holding company policy caused conflicts among policy actors
 and gifted children's possible problems were frequently discussed. Moreover
 they gradually shifted towards the humanistic connotation of the Olympic spirit
 R and Shader
 J and Selge
 medium term and long term. This study presents an intelligent hybrid approach based on Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and Noise filtering technique (which is one of Data Mining and Data Analysis concepts) for modeling and predicting long term electrical energy demand with high accuracy. At the first stage the hybrid approach applies noise filtering technique on raw data that consists of influential socio-economic factors affecting electricity demand
"Caputo-Levine
 their feelings and attitudes toward the children's families on two visits. Additionally
 existing sets of proposed key indicators of mental health and mental illness
 LLC."
 and apply it to video search. SNDocRank integrates traditional tf-idf ranking with our Multi-level Actor Similarity (MAS) algorithm
 finely organized categories
 and tension between self and others' perceptions. The item performed as expected and is recommended for use on studies of health disparities
 as well as a lack of knowledge about effective ILE policy in general. While no ideal policy model is possible due to the diversity of different language and community contexts
 we utilize the local spatial-temporal saliency (ST-saliency) and face detection results. The spatiotemporal movement of the cropping window is modeled in a graph where a smoothed trajectory is resolved by a Max-Flow/Min-Cut method in a global optimization manner. Based on the horizontal/vertical projections and a graph-based method
 we present analytical expressions for bit error rate (BER) of $\pi$/4-DQPSK modulation with L-branch SC diversity in Nakagami-m fading channels perturbed by additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN). The derived end expressions are in closed form and contain finite series of Gaussian hypergeometric function. This makes evaluation of error rates much more straightforward compared to earlier approaches that required single or even double numerical integration. Some special instances such as the nondiversity case and Rayleigh fading case are also investigated and plotted along with the main findings. For different fading parameter (m) values and for different diversity orders (L)
 technology
 the ability to communicate with and relate to others from diverse backgrounds. This article focuses on cross cultural experiences gained from cross cultural partnerships between preservice teachers and English Language Learners over the course of a semester at a medium size public university. Evidence from this project suggests the need for teacher educators to model and support appropriate cultural competencies that are critical in classrooms that are fast becoming more culturally as well as linguistically diverse. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 and what factors influence their mobile device selection process. Originality/value: The paper represents the first study that examines cultural diversity as a determinant in desired mobile device-based reference services among undergraduates. The research also highlights possible directions for future qualitative and quantitative diversity research studies in library and information studies. {\textcopyright} Emerald Group Publishing Limited."
 catalyzed significant advances and innovation in computational social science. In this paper
 to address the shortcomings of economic assumptions and research methodologies and second
 in some cases
 and mobile health applications. We offer SocialFusion as a system capable of systematically integrating such diverse mobile
 by analysing additional qualitative textual responses of participants using semantic network approaches to natural language processing. Our results illustrate the methodological and policy significance of semantic approaches to knowledge acquisition and representation
 the Council of Europe has been supporting community media as a means for pluralism and diversity in the media
"Jakubowicz
 both in the EU and in the CoE. Community media organizations
 the paper examines whether and to what extent racial diversity at the institutional level is reflected as racial integration at the interpersonal level by testing hypotheses regarding the quantity and quality of cross-race friendships. The primary goal of this article
 their elusiveness
 while greater confidence in government is associated with less participation. These preliminary tests also show that collective action is generally lower in countries having greater linguistic diversity
 the discussed case studies in the areas of alternative and radical media did help to map out emerging practices of both progressive and conservative social movements
 England
 the paper addresses the relative neglect afforded to young people's networks and resources by focusing on the role many play in creating social capital within families. Acknowledging the significance of time and space
 often the primary concern of funding institutions
 financial and social factors. Coping was diverse
 communication frequency
cited By 5
 which performs joint adaptations by considering the traffic information and QoS targets from the applications
 calling for a realistic
 language acquisition and the development of soft skills related to cultural understandings
 power
 S and Stevenson
cited By 9
 and work-place based welfare typology evolving at differential rates. Although economic imperatives exist to expand local risk-pools
 support from parents was positively related to social anxiety. Findings highlight the importance of considering relationships in studies of rejection sensitivity and adjustment during adolescence. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 to the best of my knowledge. I make it precise relying on supervaluations (more specifically
 national identity can be an umbrella for determining what speech and passion is permissible and what is not. Thus in Zimbabwe
 and compose the events by observing them through the eyes of a patient
 Australia; the take-up of medium density housing; and the influence of communicative planning on participation. The article concludes that the effects of theory upon practice depend upon institutional circumstances
 and editorials. However
 a new approach to delivering video by integrating multiple devices
cited By 14
 for example
 including funding for education. The purpose of this article is to address the noted gap in the literature. From an extensive review of the literature
 due to issues in local resource manager scalability and granularity
 both over single and multiple hierarchy levels at the same time. It adapts to sudden changes in popularity and effectively stores and updates large amounts of data at very low cost. {\textcopyright} 2010 Springer Science+Business Media
 in this case the domain of marketing
 initialized by clicking on tags
 within the framework of the theory of planned behavior
 its successful introduction requires an intensive capacity-development process that fosters the development of social networks
"Hollifield
 in-depth and background information
 whether instrumentally or morally based. She examines the different social contexts surrounding the establishment and public discussion of each nation's policy. Next
 this study will attempt to outline the dynamics of diffusion and retention in two locations through the analysis of 27 sociolinguistic interviews issued from a larger fieldwork study carried out in the Governorate of al∫arqijja in 2007-2008. {\textcopyright} Blackwell Publishing Ltd. 2010."
 turn out to be a rather technical process in which pre-defined rigid criteria and standards are imperative. In the conclusion
"Kruckeberg
"Nie
"Akhtar
 but the prospects for union survival and growth are much stronger as a result of having defeated Work Choices. {\textcopyright} 2010 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 an optimal walking pattern is proposed to be tracked by a designed sliding mode controller. In this respect
 or parent's education was detected. However
 the number of synthesized LAS codes is very low due to the low duty ratio of the sequence. In this paper
 but also to dissolve any literary boundaries between perceived binary oppositions. Particularly in his recent Textbox project
 LLC 2009."
 followed by more recent and new bottom-up institutional initiatives. The study shows that universities are trying to achieve excellence
 agent and grid technologies were tightly coupled to develop the CVGE system. A grid-based multi-agent system service framework was designed to implement this new paradigm for the CVGE system
 the strong internal initiative to change the research culture from 2000 onwards has managed to shift basic notions of truth and knowledge and the understanding of the role and nature of research. This movement was
 the wireless medium is by its nature broadcast and a transmission will be received by multiple nodes. The structure of our design is fundamentally different; this is due to the fact that our link rate constraints are defined per broadcast region instead of links in isolation. We prove optimality and derive a primal-dual algorithm that lays the basis for a practical protocol. Optimal MAC scheduling is difficult to implement
 when dramatized versions of his novels are specially written to be acted out. It is the author's versatility (implied as he was in a whole range of activities: fiction-writing
 D"
cited By 9
 their diagnostic scores of the middle school students showed a small increase. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC 2010."
 and bothered. A multinomial logistic regression revealed that participants differed in their reactions to the images based on their racial group and color-blind racial ideology. European Americans and participants high in racial color blindness were more likely to be in the not bothered reaction group. Further
 the media have to be situated as institutions that allow for cultural development: the media have to be positioned as enablers and not simply as preservers of cultural diversity. {\textcopyright} UNESCO 2010."
 and attempts to test an instrument for measuring Islamophobia in the epistemological spheres by finding its nexus with media and other social antecedents."
 irrespective of whether they slept at home every day. They also formed social networks related to ethnicity and type of work
 precision and F-measure values of 88.12
 and scalability information of media bitstreams. The model is implemented using the web ontology language. Existing coding formats are mapped to the structural part of the model
 is also its weakest spot in that there is little support beyond keyword based searches for blog entries. Consequently
 if policy makers persist in implementing such policies
"Carpentieri
 the article assesses this soap opera as both a product of post-apartheid South Africa and as a mechanism which maintains
 labeled as naive
"Xiao
 empire formation
 for persons whose religious beliefs were a central part of who they were
 offender characteristics
 I am going to analyze left-wing evaluation of cosmopolitanism (for instance
 and Latino/a youth to explore issues of discrimination and social justice and develop leadership towards social change. This paper focuses on the complex nature of students' responses to a multicultural curriculum that foregrounded conversations about race and inequity. Students were seen to build ties of friendship across racial lines and develop activist skills of social critique. On other occasions
 conditions were in reality less extreme. It therefore follows that conditions during the Younger Dryas interval may not have measurably added to the challenge routinely faced by Paleoindian groups who
 processualism
cited By 2
 2001). While much current thinking is at the macro-level and focused on narrow human resource aspects related to ""getting the numbers right
 LLC."
 including students
 that is
 prints
 were examined in the proximity of contemporary societies. Translation studies then began borrowing its models from sociology. It focused on agents and institutions and on the interests underlying the flow of translation
 ethnically-diverse sample of middle- and high-school youth in a relatively poor and underserved area of the Southern United States. Extending extant research in this area
 lack of adequate support and policies for teaching online
 energy consumption and delay. Simulation results are also provided to evaluate the performance of threshold based MAC protocol. Results show that 4X4 cooperative group size is dynamically selected as the cooperative group size as it provides minimum energy and delay. Cooperative transmission using STTC technique provides significant performance improvement than uncoded scheme due to the exploitation of MIMO diversity gain."
 rather than plain automatic repeat request in IEEE 802.11 MAC. Would network coding be well employed in multichannel wireless networks and able to bring further improvements over HARQ? This paper proposes Drizzle
 E and Fico
 Web 2.0 is making infovis increasingly viable as a medium for organizing
 different ages
 the broadcasting corporation with a long-standing gender diversity policy actually scored worse than its counterpart without such a policy.The article concludes with a discussion of the apparently difficult relation between traditional news standards and the depiction of gender diversity. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2010."
 periodical
 newsletters
 suggest that inaccurate high similarity perceptions (on a relevant domain) might decrease the ability to understand the targets' diverse needs and may lead to decisions that do not serve the group
cited By 5
 is not a very good predictor for the diversity of networks of people living in mixed neighbourhoods. What
 we found more ethnicity-oriented sub-issues in the news coverage of ethnic media. {\textcopyright} 2010 Taylor {\&} Francis."
"{Van Heekeren}
 there is also another important problem on how to select a favorite network. Two quite important problems from realistic scenario are as follows: (1) how to make use of partial knowledge due to incomplete value measurement on decision factors; (2) how to deal with robustness problem due to inaccurate measurement on decision factors. In order to tackle these problems
 gave rise to hopes that it would make previously marginalized actors and arguments more visible to a broader public. To assess these claims
 status equality
 but limited in terms of how to interpret the evaluative component: the model needs to be combined with theory in order to understand relations to changing political
"Ipgrave
"Basow
cited By 16
 a matching enhanced pedagogy of representation-rich learning opportunities
 the gap formed between the two showed considerable differences in the level of satisfaction with the proposed curriculum. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009."
 or to home ownership
 we demonstrate that the proposed DCA algorithm is very effective from the perspective of fairness and throughput. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 many researchers have observed that EAs perform well when its encoding and operators exhibit good locality
cited By 7
 the relations to be established
 once the engineering values
 this paper puts forward that resource consumption (not received enough attention) is also an important evaluation metric for any fault-tolerant approach. The corresponding evaluation models based on mean execution time and resource consumption are constructed to evaluate any fault-tolerant approach. Based on the models
 LLC."
 mass customization
 higher levels of parental education
 prior consent
cited By 44
 the construction of racial identities
 over a wireless CDMA system under a common utility based framework. A user's utility characterizes his degree of satisfaction for the received service as well as QoS expectations fulfillment
 which would inevitably suffer from the link quality dynamics. Another challenge is the channel diversity. In single channel wireless networks
 compared to their co-ethnic male peers
 as well as university academics' observations. It opens up a discussion of the implications of the development of China's CFL policy
"{De Marzio}
"Tang
 and more importantly
 data collection and data analysis. The methods combine Relaxed Appraisal of Agricultural Knowledge Systems (RAAKS) and Participatory Rural Appraisal (PRA)
 search results can be clustered around an event or occurrence at some geo-location and time. Personalization and recommendations can further filter content and focus on the most relevant and important data. We apply our research on event detection and recommendation to support event based search and apply it to a large blog collection (blog.spinn3r.com)."
 having no broadcast media or uncensored newspapers
 a reliable social trust model is presented through combinations of actual relations and virtual relations. In experiments
 this article explains how media assistance has developed
 to information leakage. First
 general education teachers demonstrated higher measures of connection and interaction with other participants than did those from specialist (ESOL or special education) backgrounds
 sales
 though
 LLC."
 CBS
 social
 I argue that visibilities (plural) facilitate combined experiences of empowerment and disempowerment
 and ethnicity. The research project at New Philadelphia
 is to present my slight modification of Bailey's SET as an explicit theoretical approach for an empirical assessment of security of contemporary societies. I formed a model D=f(PLOTIS)
 based on a typology of a conciliatory media developed here. These findings point to the possibility of a global news broadcaster that can bring diverse audiences together and encourage dialogue
cited By 20
 by taking advantage of image restoration techniques. Several nonperspective images are generated to demonstrate the applicability of the proposed method. {\textcopyright} 2010
 establish correspondences between those diagrams (using the Legendre transformation)
 and it is developed a discriminant model equation to predict a route change. As a result of building the discriminant model equation
"" in which Jelinek posed as an ""embedded writer
 and simulation of future DTNs. This paper addresses issues related to mobile user similarity
 usability of information and situational factors were fairly marginal in this regard. In the definition of the preference criteria
 analyzing course syllabi
 LLC 2009."
 Halle) and two Fraunhofer Institutes (Fraunhofer-Institut f{\""{u}}r Intelligente Analyse- und Informationssysteme IAIS
 industry
 wavelet decomposition is effective to denoise blurring spatial images. The digital image can be split into four subbands
 student interviews
 LLC. 2009."
cited By 7
 and a contextual and pragmatic explanation of the downward causation of consciousness is given. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 demonstrating different degrees of conviviality among groups of different socioeconomic profiles and distinct esthetic preferences
 several problems with using these qualities as markers of healthy sexuality. This essay discusses these problems
 African American students do not devalue academics. However
 even with the electronic availability of a greater amount
 contributing to superior performance via political pluralism? This analysis of the relationship of NGOs to three criteria of child health in the provinces of Peru examines that question and concludes that NGOs are best interpreted as actors in provinces that foster political contestation. As such they contribute to the growth of a core dimension of democracy in developing countries and to higher levels of health. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 because it allows the information socialization
 J and Ma
 regulatory
 the image is segmented into a riparian forest class and non-riparian classes using a segmentation algorithm and a river-based buffer. The segmentation package MAGIC (Map Guide Image Classification) was used to separate the riparian forest zones from the rest. In the second phase
 the present researcher sorted out three characteristic features of tarka in the early Nyāya tradition. These three features focus on the main feature of tarka: namely
 by computing indicators according to the origin. It shows the huge diversity of situations regarding the socioeconomic position of parents and the social background. In particular
 developed to assess various levels of parentification retrospectively
cited By 10
 royal road
 measurements taken from reconfigurable rectangular patch antenna arrays are used to validate the analytical results. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 Uluru and Kakadu National Park. These actual and virtual journeys to the Never-Never have broader implications in terms of fostering a sense of belonging and legitimating white presence in the land through affect
 which does not seem to fit into what should be expected from education. In the article I will argue that it should have a place by virtue of the debate
 financial resources
 the position of first and second generation children is found to vary in several respects. These findings point to the importance of paying sufficient attention to diversity and including the migration history when studying the position of children of immigrants. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2010."
 we use a text classifier to map the documents and the queries into predefined categories. Third
 in so doing
 LLC. 2009."
 we argue that recent psychological research is pursued using a wide variety of approaches and with an absence of a partially integrated meta-theoretical corpus. The present situation looks more like a Tower of Babel of epistemological approaches and empirical programs. The reconsideration of the organic paradigm and an explicitly addressed epistemological framework could constitute a step forward and lead to an explanatory pluralism built on greater dialogue within the psychological sciences. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
"Liao
 I likewise examine how the Baptist pastor
 it appears that parental antagonism and relationship quality
 Venezuelan democracy is deficient on a number of counts
 these future oriented capacities heighten educational imperatives for improving the quality of young people's learning outcomes in this rapidly changing online world. This article addresses these issues. It draws on diverse literature sources and an Australian research study (2003-2008) into secondary students' curricular digital literacies (Appendix A) to present conceptual advances in understandings about how to recognise
 Illusions perdues (1843)
 LLC."
cited By 2
cited By 24
 1991
 gender
 female
 child characteristics
 together with related standards and typical academic proposals
 destination importante pour les immigrants irlandais protestants au XIXe si{\`{e}}cle. Situ{\'{e}} {\`{a}} l'{\`{e}}re de la troisi{\`{e}}me home rule bill et de l'articulation de l'opinion {\`{a}} son {\'{e}}gard {\`{a}} Toronto (1910-1914)
 we rank canonical views in two stages. During the first stage
 this paper describes long distance dependencies by correlative edges
 inter-symbol interference (ISI)
 LLC."
 it makes sense to study both remote and local environments within the system thinking approach-where such distinctions naturally become blurred. The present research
 they reported low confidence in their solutions. Despite seemingly failing in their collective and individual problem-solving efforts
 ideology
 thus giving shape to the irreplaceable cultural singularity of Kinmen which serves to heighten the cultural and historical importance of digital archival efforts. Therefore this study focuses on the Kinmen National Park Digital Heritage Collection's permanent archival purposes
 LLC."
 representing a diverse ethnic group (32.6{\%} minority participation: Hispanic 14.9{\%}
983 children (4-5 years). Its data are publicly accessible and are used by researchers from many disciplinary backgrounds. It contains multiple measures of children's developmental outcomes as well as a broad range of information on the contexts of their lives. This paper reports on the development of summary outcome indices of child development using the LSAC data. The indices were developed to fill the need for indicators suitable for use by diverse data users in order to guide government policy and interventions which support young children's optimal development. The concepts underpinning the indices and the methods of their development are presented. Two outcome indices (infant and child) were developed
 querying
 in his movie inspired by Borges' short story
 both on American soil and abroad
 another 5{\%} is moderately suitable and 17{\%} is marginally suitable. Most of the highly suitable land area is concentrated in Rift Valley
 participating in the research was also the Wageningen University (the Netherlands)
 we propose capacity and Frobenius-norm based suboptimal algorithms with the objective of sum rate maximization. Starting from an empty set
 civilian agencies
 we propose efficient flow-based and class-based weighted fair queueing (WFQ) mechanisms with very simple-state information that considers only collisions
 TDD/TDMA 4G
 responsiveness
 particularly for firms with small patent scale. {\textcopyright} 2009 Akad{\'{e}}miai Kiad{\'{o}}
 so that the share of more trustable inputs will increase rather than the inputs with low probable correctness. This paper introduces a novel weighted average voting algorithm based on neural networks that is capable of improving the rate of system reliability. Our experimental results showed that the neural weighted average voter has increases the reliability 116.63{\%} in general and 309.82{\%}
 few programs are providing students with opportunities to iearn entrepreneurial skills or how to work with mobile delivery systems. The good news is that the student body is becoming more diverse and more reflective of the overall society. {\textcopyright} 2010
 2010."
 Wireless LAN
 we developed patterns of meaning that are reported thematically: student teachers' beliefs
"Shehu
 who are researching a wide range of topics including subjects as diverse as corpus-aided language learning
 the exact and approximate performances of the selection combining scheme given in terms of the outage probability is shown. Approximate and exact results are very close to each other for small as well as medium values of correlation. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
 a proportion live in a range of purpose-built housing for older people that also provides varying levels of support and care services. Little systematic information is available on these forms of housing and the services they provide
 and experimental models such as Apartments for Life. Service integrated housing has received far less policy attention in Australia in recent years than community care and residential care. However
 and older people who lack the financial resources to buy into retirement villages. These developments came about at the same time as home and community care services were expanding. Delivering these services themselves or drawing on services delivered by other agencies gave housing providers much of the service component for new service integrated housing arrangements. Community care can thus be seen as a general infrastructure supporting residents living in various forms of housing purposely built for older people as well as serving those living in the wider community. The consequences of this somewhat untidy history are that service integrated housing lacks both a clear identity and a continuous history of government involvement. Important types of service integrated housing such as independent living units and hostels were discontinued or deflected to other purposes
 alongside community care and residential aged care. For example
 service arrangements
 has enabled both sectors to develop retirement villages without public subsidy. In the community sector many of the organisations developing retirement villages have been the same organisations involved in provision of aged care services including both community care and residential aged care homes. This has enabled many organisations to offer residents of retirement villages the possibility of moving to co-located or closely located aged care facilities as their care needs increase. It has also opened up the possibility of providing community care services to residents of their retirement villages
 it seems likely that housing options that offer significant levels of care outside of RACHs will be in high demand. This is evidenced by the increasing number of private and community sector providers offering assisted living
 it can be argued that the needs of low-income
 A and Tilse
 lessons were learned with respect to having a supporting network in place before implementing higher-order service
 including protection coordination
 and vibration-resistant; and it has a high storage capacity. Lower energy consumption is an important consideration in the design
 • To design the Map of Interactions of the Performance influencing factors In this study authors are applying the original two-stage multidisciplinary qualitative-comparative analysis and the systems theory methods to achieve the objectives: • The first phase using the QCA will be to develop the ICT adoption model for the KSA SMEs. • The System Theory Methods (STM)
 we make use of large corpora to focus on typical writing and derived pronunciation variants in Luxembourgish
"Wen
 radio and television services have been most cognizant of the need to adapt to surrounding change. Yet
cited By 3
 this study did not only compare the approaches of various news publishers with each other
 to serve their readers; and how effectively they are exploring the opportunities of an online edition."
 most are optimized to classify individual documents
 where each program family is an aggregation of similar programs. The decision variables include location of VOD servers and assignment of program families to servers. The model considers cost of servers
 call-in shows
 finance
 it is definitively necessary to prepare prevention countermeasure for implementing high speed and stable actions to prevent safety accidents and non-payment of toll by cars passing through HI-PASS car lanes at highway tollgates. In this study
 some managerial implications are outlined. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 activities involving target end users and researchers from different fields were conducted. This paper describes these activities and discusses the results extracted and analyzed in order to derive norms from which some system requirements were based. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
"{De Miranda}
 and propagate the labels to retrieve relevant images from a much larger pool. The combined strategy is unique in its generality
 a ranked list of web videos together with their associated tags are retrieved. Key shots are then established by near-duplicate keyframe detection
 vector and media) and share methods across disciplines. The powerful 4D-visualization interface also incorporates a range of analysis and plotting tools as well as a time-navigation capability that allow users to explore the temporal evolution of spatial structure and resolved relationships. Its revolutionary fusion capability allows data at different temporal or spatial scales to be reconciled
 as many of the underwater situations are beyond human reach. This paper will first identify and classify the UAC channel environment
 to effectively provide LNR service
cited By 127
 as it relates to different organisational sizes
 moving toward a tentative fixed point as membership increases to two dozen or so. We show that a simple probabilistic model for recruitment and bonding can not explain these observations
 previous works generally suffer from two problems: (1) the system is not robust in diverse environments
 C.-H."
 offering a potentially low-barrierto- entry framework for teaching and learning SNA. We present the preliminary findings of 2 user studies of 21 graduate students who engaged in SNA using NodeXL. The majority of students
 an extensive use of metadata (the fundamental building block of the Semantic Web) for digital media is required. An approach to multimedia metadata processing is proposed
 combined with the growing use of social media services for sharing and coordinating intentions
 and guide long term enterprise reorganization. Our approach consists of three main parts: (1) a relational hypergraph model for modeling various social context and interactions; (2) a novel hypergraph factorization method for community extraction on multi-relational social data; (3) an online method to handle temporal evolution through incremental hypergraph factorization. Extensive experiments on real-world enterprise data suggest that our technique is scalable and can extract meaningful communities. To evaluate the quality of our mining results
 forums
 photos
 including experiencing both the 2000 and the 2006 coups. He later returned to Fiji as social media educator for the National Council for Building a Better Fiji (NCBBF). The Council was critical of the media during the period it developed a draft of the People's Charter. It recommended changes to the law to establish a Media Tribunal
 how Facebook games use the social network site and the social relationships between players as a core element for the game experience. In SNS several different contexts of life seems to exist one near the others and eventually overlapping. Closest friends with co-workers
 the number of kin in a Facebook network was a crucial component because it predicted online tension whereas number of work and social contacts did not. Further
 their impact is hard to predict and even harder to study. We have developed and launched a number of Facebook applications
"Jamali
cited By 2
 I and Rajan
 we found that the system successfully promotes more diverse content and encourages new social interactions between users. {\textcopyright} 2009 ACM."
 and cultural changes in Mongolian society. However
 H F"
 and online media. Two regulatory tiers are distinguished: At the international level
 technical issues like codec and data compression
 associate dean of the Columbia School of Journalism
 we briefly review existing work on trust networks
 Pasifika and ethnic media in Aotearoa/New Zealand are also steadily expanding with implications for the media industry and journalism educators. This article examines the regional trends and how initiatives such as the Pacific Media Centre and new journalism courses with an emphasis on diversity are addressing the challenges. {\textcopyright} 2009 AUT and the individual contributors and authors."
 small-group and large-group. Here we discuss the framework and show its prototype implementation that supports creating
 including an online survey of book publishers and the conduct of 14 case studies. Since completion of the project
cited By 15
 T and Mori
 diplomatic
"Qureshi
 as new interactions arise whereas old ones disappear. Interactions may last long or brief
 which annotated as multi-label to make the classification of emotion more precise than the single-label set of basic emotions. Employing a maximum entropy classifier
 more balanced viewpoints. While media bias problem has been studied extensively in communications and social sciences
 who they are and where they belong
 but also because of the increase in the quality and dialogue potential of these ""great good places"" (Oldenburg
 the opportunity exists to inform. {\textcopyright} 2009 AUT and the individual contributors and authors."
cited By 0
 or possible
 Szabo [J. Acoust. Soc. Am.
 Business Day
 ColorLayout and EdgeHistogram
 while networking is not their core feature. Using our classification we discuss future research directions."
 we propose a method to focus on the integration of the resources or instances of MPEG-7 to produce a sharable integrated knowledge base. We use a resource matching
 the influence of September 11 on this coverage and the power of it to influence an event as extensive as a national campaign. Furthermore
 collocated digital photo-sharing is harder
 and can make a significant contribution to national industrial development. Since 2005
 where the nodes/vertices correspond to components and edges correspond to interconnections between them. Complex systems research in biology defines motifs as recurring sub-graphs from which the network is built. They also argue motifs as simple building blocks of complex networks
 with increase of market competition
 and compare five different ERP systems during a semester. The chapter introduces a procedure model and scenario for setting up similar courses at other universities. Furthermore
"Clark
 but only as animation."
 given its proven utility in enabling affinity-based discovery online. But
 the course is conceptualised in terms of critical EAP
 but rich symbols and collective representations able to condense multiple meanings and generate deep emotional reactions. Using in-depth interviews
 in order to develop more precise concepts to assess the contribution of current forms of communication to political and democratic processes. Introducing two new conceptualizations
 the social dimension maps thegrouping of users
 ultimately initiating behavioural change as their relationship with food matures earlier. Empathy on the children's and adult's sides of the healthy nutrition conversation is important to establish this relationship in children's nutritional decisions. The main challenge for nutrition education is not in shortterm diversions
cited By 58
 simulation
 i.e.
cited By 15
cited By 13
 for instance
 and the model is specified based on the use of the JamSession decentralized architecture for virtual worlds. Copyright 2009 ACM."
 Yali Wu
 share data and resources
 which is effective to satisfy the requirements of the applications for modern service industry. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 and think-aloud demonstrations by the youth of how they participated in the online communities. The analyses examine how the youth participated in the specialist language of their domain of interest and
 and renders the nature of music redefined and contested. {\textcopyright} 2009 Taylor {\&} Francis."
"Nagda
 rather than within one or other of the four types. The result is not without its tensions and dilemmas
 the beliefs
"Carpenter
 I compare three cases of hydropower policy outcomes. I argue that policy entrepreneurs' ability to frame the issue effectively explains variation in hydropower policy outcomes. I then extend these findings to an unlikely policy area
 age structure
 these small groups helped to create a new infrastructure for engaging intellectuals in the pluralization and diversification of public life. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009."
 Router is the main network equipment and the control unit is network processor
 one for the interoperable product and one for the calculation of a Message Authentication Message (MAC). These keys are used for diversifying the keys stored on the Customer media
"Reidel
 a Tibeto-Burman language
 and enable the creation of new hybrid identities. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 where I conducted a total of 68 randomly selected non-elite interviews in an effort to probe for key factors defining individuals' conceptions of human rights. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009."
 and distributed organizations. Often the distance separating subteams spans multiple time zones that encompass diverse cultures and countries
 this paper uses resident's articulations of their everyday practices to reinvigorate some of the ideas of the flexible specialisation literature and challenge
 we investigate the detection performance of radar sensor networks using the proposed diversity scheme. Simulation results for both non-fluctuating targets and fluctuating targets show that the performance of the proposed scheme is superior to that of the single radar with the spatial-temporal diversity only. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 Media and Engineering at Arizona State University. This paper presents the development and implementation process of these criteria as well as preliminary results from their use for faculty evaluations over the past five years. It discusses how these practices incentivize substantial interdisciplinary collaborations and related high impact results. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 which is able to satisfy the requirements of the applications for modern service industry. {\textcopyright}2009 IEEE."
 Annette Madlock."
 H and Shimoda
 they either take their work home or abandon it to potential damage in the studio. This project promised the retention of this material and the production of a powerful
 grid-enabled service-oriented architecture using the enterprise system bus middleware technology for resolving integration issues
 as a way of engaging and influencing individuals' cognitive and technical skills enhancements within the context of k-12 education
 marking the transition to a new form of global governance predicated upon a deep cleavage of cultural and religious difference. There is an urgent need to transcend the tired and unproductive 'one person's terrorist is another's freedom-fighter' argument. The visual aspect of acts of terror contributes in important ways to the circulation of discourses about terror
 and challenged the nature of curriculum and practices in a diverse preschool classroom. We focus on the role of action research in fostering culturally-relevant teaching. As we do so
 regression analyses found that for faculty and staff significant predictors of school sense of community variables were perceptions that the university was innovative and inclusive of pragmatic and risk-taking ideas. For staff but not for faculty
cited By 5
 we present three techniques to improve the discriminative training of LMs
 machine and organization
 UMIMO-MAC is based on a two-way handshake protocol. Multiple access by simultaneous and co-located transmissions is achieved by using different pseudo orthogonal spreading codes. Extensive simulation results show that UMIMO-MAC increases network throughput
 maintainer
 2007). The article argues that this need not be so
 and further development will emphasize technological solutions that build on existing ontology repositories as well as proven architectures and standards. Nevertheless
 which can characterize the spatial/temporal channel correlation and Rician fading effect. Our numerical results show the ergodicity of our proposed channel model
 this body of work is either captured in many different languages - and quite often
 B and Roviras
 their innovative activities and networks with local and regional productive structure. Main questions aimed to answer are: ¿What significant institutions and organizations can be found as a part of SCT in those State's territory? ¿What kind of innovative activity they perform? ¿How can be those activities related to other regional and local organizations as enterprises
 this study is to establish the customer satisfaction level on the information system provided by the DOA using Rasch measurement and analysis model. The concept of measurement dealing with ordinal data is outlined and the quantitative outcomes thereof described. Rasch offers easier analysis and reporting by means of Ordered Matrix Map and uni-dimensional measurement beyond this purpose. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 Bluetooth) and physical layer schemes (e.g. QPSK and GFSK). To this end
 ITS non-safety
 when there are a reasonably large number of mobile stations. {\textcopyright}2009 IEEE."
 we evaluate the goodput and temporal fairness performance for FMDC
 ExOR
 conferencing
 the network environment requires a communication protocol to maximize the lifetime of each node in WSN. Sensor-Medium Access Control (SMAC) is a contention-based protocol designed specifically for WSN. It's operational principle is based on a periodic cycle
 delay and realistic PMI measurement errors
 Italy
cited By 8
 since 2000. The use of models and Decision Support Systems (DSS) has played an important role in the development of the Jucar Basin Plans for almost two decades
 schedules different commodities over networks' links and controls the power and rate allocated to every link in every channel. To fully exploit the available multichannel diversity
 S L"
"Takahashi
"Nguyen
 where the low Peak-to-Average Power Ratio (PAPR) of SC-FDM signals is also preserved. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 the choice of channel model from the existing ones may not always be accurate to represent the channel environment. Thus
 ""bottom up - top down"" whilst including a very diversified group."
 a subset of ensemble members is selected and combined to obtain the final output. We evaluate the proposed method on benchmark data sets and the results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the clustering performance
 wavelet transform is carried out. This approach can reinforce availably pavement images and get better effect especial for weak crack information in smooth area. Experimental results proved that the proposed detection was a valid method for the different road crack image even if there is any noise exists. {\textcopyright}2009 IEEE."
 critics have evaluated Fair Trade governance against the benchmark of perfect market organization. However
 was exerting mounting pressure on established academia for greater tolerance of non-traditional
 the method does not have a negative impact on the overall final marks. {\textcopyright} 2009 SEFI."
 it is still unclear what constitutes good practice within this specific context. This research uses empirical data to determine how teachers may improve their understanding of
 the emancipation and anonymity of cyberspace offers Malaysian bloggers an opportunity to re-invent themselves. In this culturally diverse and virtual community
 but drivers who cannot charge frequently are unlikely to make up the cost of large PHEV battery packs with future fuel cost savings. We construct an optimization model to determine the optimal PHEV design and optimal allocation of PHEVs
 respectively
 Medial
 we combine two modern techniques
 plans are underway to develop what USAID 1 calls ""centres of excellence
 from parties to rallies to riots. We find that in many contexts
 pro-lesbian groups. The textual analysis of this case found complicated interconnections between the education and the culture and politics of doll play
 the current keywords-based search engines
cited By 9
 music
 H and Yuan
 2009."
 local town and shire councils
 1 Henry 4 contains dynamic and vital events that lend themselves to the types of male-friendly writing (for example
cited By 11
 and as observer - as 'self'
 writers' sex
 comparing reading in L1 with L2/L3/Ln. Two questionnaires on reading habits and expectations were administered to 226 students during the academic year 2005-2006. Reading preferences were found to be multilingual
 non-electronic
 a cursory survey of first-person statements found in books
 Jewish
cited By 22
cited By 2
"Sawhney
cited By 18
 and resource constraints. This article presents a user-centric system
 users can easily share information with other users. But due to the diversity of these applications - serving different aims - the Social Web is ironically divided. Blog users who write about music for example
 which is subjectively defined by emerging socio-cultural knowledge
 which is converted to range extension without any capacity penalty
 medium quantity of VLCFAs
 complicated by sustainability concerns of grassroots enterprises
 redefining norms and power relations that exclude people. Local ownership and control of their own media can allow people to reshape the spaces in which their voices find expression. {\textcopyright} 2009 Oxfam GB."
 integration and consistency checks of knowledge base
 and beneficial in terms of participatory content creation; the benefits that can be gained from creatively reaching out to and engaging marginalised groups and encouraging a diversity of voices; the usefulness of locally produced content for generating local debate around local issues; and the benefits of encouraging participation at all stages of content creation
 photo owners and post times. In our framework
 which was equal to 2.6887
 along with performance evaluation. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 player retention
 despite arbitrary contrast
 MAC layer and application layers. The numerical results revealed that our proposed cross-layer design can efficiently achieve the effective throughput and distortion gain. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 we will be choosing the suitable parameters in order to maximize the Throughput and we will add a function which helps calculate the optimum capacity while keeping a higher flow which is our interest within the framework of this work."
 especially in weblogs
 emergence
 KL divergence and tf-idf based BM25 model
cited By 0
 R and Rokne
 BF with multi-AP diversity and BF without multi-AP diversity. Performance evaluations and comparisons are presented in terms of throughput. {\textcopyright}2009 IEEE."
 the nationwide focus on student achievement and teacher accountability has increased
 and develop a cooperative medium access control (MAC) layer protocol
 consisting of a source node
 which permits multiple nodes to cooperate in transmitting the broadcast message
 it significantly increases system capacity as the scheduling criterion threshold value increases. {\textcopyright}2009 IEEE."
 it offers an higher throughput level than other communication protocols implementing selection diversity in distributed multi-antenna systems. {\textcopyright}2009 IEEE."
 the asymptotic diversity order is analyzed as a function of the rate at which 1 - $\rho$ approaches 0 as the SNR → ∞. Results show that for 1 - $\rho$ proportional to SNR -1
 we propose a path selection mechanism to ensure that end-to-end paths have a high degree of diversity. Then we develop an effective path switching mechanism based on P2P overlay
 as to avoid the proliferation of non-coexistent devices operating in this unoccupied spectrum. Therefore
 C and Yanmaz
 Y.-H. and Huang
 based on searching mechanisms in social networks. The BSWA emphasizes local rather (as mutation in GA) than global search (as crossover in GA) to find the solutions for optimization problems. Compared with the corresponding GA
 but the existential force of the plural is. For example
 and disperses them throughout peers in the network
 M C"
 named as the WiMAX complete sharing scheme (WCPS). An analytic maximum entropy (ME) model is proposed for the cost-effective performance evaluation of the two bandwidth management schemes associated with networks with a large number of stations and/or the connections. In this context
 N F and Scanlon
 S and Kumar
 communications perceived of higher social presence are easier to make people interpersonally impressed
 relational learning has been proposed
 for using (1) context/perspective information and (2) social networks such as ODP or Wikipedia for designing practical and scalable human-web systems for finding web pages that are relevant and meet the needs and requirements of a user or a group of users. The paper also describes the current implementation of DISCOVERY and its initial use in finding web pages in a targeted web domain. The resulting system arguably meets the common needs and requirements of a group of people based on the information provided by the group in the form of a set of context web pages. The system is evaluated for a scenario in which assistance of the system is sought for a group of faculty members in finding NSF research grant opportunities that they should collaboratively respond to
 especially on resource-limited sensors. Second
 it is important to consolidate different concepts for intelligent decision making. For example
 background and our motives for ongoing research. {\textcopyright} 2009
"Yan-ming
 during the general elections of 1997
 distributed between the player and system
cited By 0
 KL divergence and BM25
 and thus facilitating semantic interoperability between SMEs to enhance collaboration. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 thereby confounding classic approaches which stress the misrepresentation and underrepresentation of immigrants by the mass media. There remain important exceptions to this shift towards a broadly sympathetic representation of immigrants by the media; there is evidence of ongoing racist 'Othering' in news reporting and by particular journalists. This paper argues that there is evidence of a recent and partial transformation in the nature of media discourses concerning immigrants and immigration in New Zealand. {\textcopyright} 2009 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 or accommodated different cultural traditions and identity groups
 short messaging service
 for all the exceptional rates of growth in advertising expenditure being recorded
 and riots. In this article
 besides matter and energy
 and compares these with police interventions that favour a more constructive and positive community-based approach ('the good'). The paper provides a comprehensive review of literature on police-ethnic minority youth relations in the Australian context
 and possible biases in cultural frameworks in assessing self-worth contingencies. Links between self-worth contingencies and rumination are further elaborated
 politicians have remained reluctant to embrace a ""gender agenda."" A typical feature of contemporary Slovakia is the gap between official documents promoting gender equality
cited By 12
 colour and graphics) and how this impacts upon both argumentation process and product. The educational implications of such changes are also considered. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009."
 judicious use of power diversity is shown to be extremely effective: with a single transmission
 these racial differences cannot be explained by immigration patterns. Indeed
 routing and admission control schemes. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 the worstcase throughput analysis is conducted. The results allow us to investigate the throughput performance of the proposed CMGP protocol directly in terms of the MPR channel coefficients. Simulation results confirm the system-wide throughput advantage achieved by the proposed scheme
 many schools are retreating from basic civics lessons and are not teaching students how to become active citizens. More importantly
 but formerly hot markets such as Riverside
 and how we interpret the creative act."
 polarization is observed as diasporas
 primarily blogs
 online chatting potentially faces the problem of being utilized by perpetrators or even pedophiles to conduct initial approach to innocent online users
 weaknesses
 NASA SERVIR and DOD AFRICOM
 coffee shops and restaurants to parks and malls. While a few relationships are found between population/diversity and the popularity of particular third places
 layout and building types. Planned and unplanned housing development is putting intense pressure on existing urban infrastructure to support the quality of life of increasing numbers of residents. There is therefore an urgent need to examine the sustainability of India's diverse urban forms
"Li
 and analyze the design space in terms of routing metrics for various routing requirements. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 and dense forest at distances of up to 50 meters. The mean spatial correlation was observed to vary based on forest environment
 a differential backlog based MAC scheduling and router-assisted backpressure congestion control for multi-hop wireless networks. Our adaptation
 political power relations
 and Other orientation (e.g.
"Eda
 M J"
cited By 8
 or it appears justificatorily groundless. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009."
"Tsui
 interview transcripts
 lexical overlap was found between language policy corpora and immigration corpora. In light of the findings
 domestic economic decisions and political autonomy. An empirical analysis shows some new and diverse results for three different areas namely urban
 agency support
 but also to what they teach. Educators can guide students to develop cross-cultural understanding at an early age by using well-written picture book biographies which represent people from diverse backgrounds. This article explains what multiple perspectives are and offers resources and strategies for educators that will help young students develop an understanding of the frames of reference that different groups of people hold. It also emphasizes the importance of developing multiple viewpoints at a young age. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 the proposed technique is well designed to achieve SSDT (Site Selection Diversity Transmission) and adaptive synchronization for OFDM-based networks. It is particularly noteworthy that this adaptive sub-carrier allocation is very effective in reducing MAI for plug and access network synchronization. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 we can express these PEPs in terms of finite integral whose integrand is composed of trigonometric functions.We further show that with only one relay assisted source-destination link
 and transnational relationships with her peers in China. The construction of transnational networks represents the desire of the youth to develop the literate repertoire that would enable her to thrive in multiple linguistic communities across countries and mobilize resources within these communities. This study contributes to new conceptual directions for understanding translocal forms of linguistic diversity mediated by digital technologies and an expanded view of the literate repertoire and cultural resources of migrant youth. As such
 by means of self-management. This paper provides proof on the business advantages of reconfigurable networks. In this context the paper performs an evaluation of the investment in both composite radio and reconfigurable networks
 the metropolitan area is-concerning urban-to-rural migration-still under the influence of suburban processes. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 referred to as Two-Level MAC
 which is capable of classifying a pool of instances
 IGI Global."
 a MAC protocol specially designed for real-time and energy-efficient WSN applications. AREA-MAC reduces latency and energy consumption of nodes by using low power listening (LPL) technique with short preamble messages. Other protocols like B-MAC use long preamble messages that cause higher latency
 the different degrees of contribution of science to the economy of each country seem in particular to be reflected in the different emphases on the referential scopes of the 1st person plurals in the two corpora. {\textcopyright} 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
 it results in significant coding gain improvements. Simulation results verify the tighness of presented analysis a medium to high SNR regions in Nakagami-m environments with arbitraty severity parameter m {\textgreater} 0.5. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 the rt04 word error rate is 27.7{\%}. {\textcopyright}2009 IEEE."
 and we design a machine learning algorithm to model the join statistics of the content and the side information. Our algorithm
 the scientific community making advances in relevant algorithmic techniques is not
 and the overall value of the perspective of interaction with diaspora members."
 P and Zhou
 presents strategies for the design and evaluation of low-cost
 message boards
 for example
cited By 18
 the author argues that Sarkozy is ""globalizing"" French attitudes towards religion and diversity in service of a conception of healthy democracy that would make Tocqueville proud."
 the diversity and heterogeneity of the models used to implement them and the lack of a semantic model supporting their consolidation constitute a barrier to an efficient collaborative product lifecycle management. We propose to leverage existing product and process modeling approaches and standards in order to develop a holistic semantic meta-model enabling the modeling of artifacts for collaborative and multidisciplinary product lifecycle management (PLM). The provision of generators and predefined services to enable the operative deployment of the models designed using that meta-model contributes to the reduction of the overall costs for implementing collaborative PLM solutions and facilitate its dissemination in small and medium sized enterprises. This paper presents a concept for such a framework based on the concept of Engineering Networks. {\textcopyright} 2009 IEEE."
 and simultaneity of racial
 we also bound the performance using an equivalent communication problem and a centralized estimator to verify trends. We find that for noncoherent modulation
 resulting in the construction of unique places. Thus it is at the intersection of these diverse activities
cited By 49
 we first compare various characteristics of social networks across racial and ethnic groups. Second
 tainted through a distant medium
 national network TV news
 the intermittents found a way to organize and to act collectively (in co-ordination) despite the fact that they came from very diverse backgrounds. {\textcopyright} 2009 Macmillan Publishers Ltd."
 and find weak support for the proposition that associational diversity promotes tolerance and access to information. {\textcopyright} The University of North Carolina Press."
 users and producers
 implemented from public information
 network overloading
"Banks
 theory-ladenists
cited By 3
 national legacies shape these overlapping discourses on national identity
 micro-enterprise and self employment may not promise more than a partial solution to poverty and gender discrimination. The article questions the tendency to globalize policies without taking into account the local contexts in which these policies are implemented. {\textcopyright} Springer Science + Business Media
 segmented
 equity from above
 both in terms of the provenance of the participants and in terms of the activities in which they engaged. The significance of N30 has less to do with the proportion of demonstrators who came from the Global South (or of those ""of color"") than with the impact that the Seattle events had on those who did come
 the least square-zero forcing (LS-ZF) detection
 the effects of purely semantic program initialisation and the importance of tree shape in the context of program initialisation. To achieve this
 D B and D'Angelo
 did not predict performance of minority students in the first year of medical school but did predict performance of majority students. This information may be of use to medical school admissions and resident selection committees. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2007."
 suggest some interesting issues in distance courses
"" and more particularly on a nascent thread of this approach we develop that theorizes the appropriation of protest practices for causes outside the purview of traditional social movements. Theorizing that the Internet
 is largely underpinned by a neopopulist paradigm of development stressing respect for local knowledge
 3-D radiation patterns and antenna efficiency are obtained by the measurements and simulations. The diversity performance of the array configuration is measured in the rich wave scattering environment of a reverberation chamber (RC). Results including: signals correlation coefficient
 elementary strategic games take place among agents in the first phase in diverse social settings
 in stark contrast to their current hegemony
 namely a gapped factor tree (GFT) to index the gapped-factors. Given a text T of length n over the alphabet ∑ and the values of the parameters k
 a general
 we attempt to construct a pedagogic environment in which students' various language histories and practices are invited into the discursive space - not as medium of communication but as valued subject matter. Drawing on Blommaert
 edited
 appeals are often made to the 'context'
 that any comparison of press discourse on matters of religious minority toleration and respect for difference would herald very different outcomes to these traditions. Yet this article shows that
 communities
 the study examined the pervasiveness of their beliefs in the face of efforts to incorporate reform-oriented classroom materials and instructional strategies. The participants were five high school teachers of ninth-grade algebra at different stages in their teaching career. The qualitative analysis of the data revealed that in general beliefs were very influential on the teachers' daily pedagogical decisions and that their beliefs about the nature of mathematics served as a primary source of their beliefs about pedagogy and student learning. Findings from the analysis concur with previous studies in this area that reveal a clear relationship between these constructs. In addition
 defense attorneys
 spillover effects are very sensitive to how data are pooled across space: the citywide upgrading effects are driven by poorer pockets adjacent to affluent areas with no or small effects in more diverse low- and medium-income areas. They only occur in single-family
 possible shifts in the framing of liberal-conservative exchange are proposed as a potential contribution to a more nuanced and productive public deliberation across the partisan divide. {\textcopyright} 2008 The Berkeley Electronic Press. All rights reserved."
 yet the salient factor on the localized perspective appears to be the degree of centralization of the healthcare services; while different factors affect the national perspective. In summary
 this problem can be solved numerically using efficient methods. The impact of the optimal training is more significant in environments with larger eigenvalue spread. The expression of the optimal solution is interesting for some specific cases. For uncorrelated receive channel
"Zhang
 an inflectional suffix. As an alternative
 Web
 Lower Silesia and the Lublin Region)
 pp. 29-41
 a school or center) grants degrees and serves as a tenure home for faculty. Students earning degrees in traditional departments had more difficulty connecting interdisciplinary requirements to their disciplinary work
because members are well educated
 the MDM framework considers multiple different distortion values for each media packet for each user type. We consider the scenario of simultaneously broadcasting a video stream to multiple users over wireless links. The objective is to design a scheduling algorithm which achieves the highest aggregate quality-of-service
 we propose a formal model that indicates how self-perceptions of social status are related to the use of e-mail and the acquisition of social resources over electronic channels. The model is tested using data collected from 206 faculty members in a major U.S. university. The empirical results support the proposed model implying that self-perceptions of social status influence social assertiveness
 -1 or -2 modulo q and d ≡ -1 (mod q) is extendable unless its diversity is (q 2)qk-3 + $\theta$k-3
 multiuser MIMO technique is applied on each frequency channel to enhance the data rates. The key ideas of MAC-OMA/MM can be summarized as follows. By utilizing ATIM (Ad-hoc Traffic Indication Message) windows as in IEEE 802.11 power saving mechanism (PSM)
"Saaifan
 the data set is shown to exhibit small world network well and power-law-like distribution to some extent. Finally
 namely replica
 the authors analyzed and critiqued 66 documents in order to advance theoretical and practical knowledge regarding glass ceiling effects in higher education. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 universal
 strategies
 nor the most important in guiding the practices they produce. Drawing on a larger study of representations of women's leadership in the media and academia
 however
 marginalisation and negative media. The paper highlights the need for communication and understanding across differences
 moves away from the dominant notion of culture as industry
 we demonstrate that both the D-MRC receiver and subspace-based blind channel estimator are computationally feasible and near-far resistant. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 fifteen youth leaders of GSAs from different regions of California explain what they think empowerment means and how they became empowered through their involvement with the GSA. Youth describe three inter-related dimensions of empowerment: personal empowerment
 there was small
 and the distinction in avidyā between non-apprehension and misapprehension. A closer investigation shows that MaN{\{}dot below{\}}d{\{}dot below{\}}ana is directly influenced by Bhartr{\{}dot below{\}}hari's linguistic non-dualism in developing the concept of avidyā. This study also compares other key constituents such as vivartta and pariN{\{}dot below{\}}āma that are relevant to the analysis of avidyā. As the concept of counter-image (pratibimba) emerges as a distinct stream of Advaita subsequent to MaN{\{}dot below{\}}d{\{}dot below{\}}ana
 to ""push the reset button."" In 1953
 they encountered difficulties in reflecting on the problem solving process they had used. In robotics projects
 rather
 expansion of the construct to subsume a broader range of practices
 four key issues arise: is positivism part of the external world or is it within us (and thus what is our agency)?
cited By 2
 combines different types of MIMO gains
 to create an optimally combined route for source-destination data transfer. Performance analysis and simulation studies show the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed schemes. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
 possibly signaling a weakening of commercial boundaries within the popular music field over the last two decades. {\textcopyright} 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
 also the support in public opinion and the type of mobilization (media support) matter for internal diversity. {\textcopyright} The University of North Carolina Press."
 and the main problems in order to conduct further investigations. To completely realize e-research of professional researches
 being involved in their children's lives and education
 mutual recognition...). Beyond the interactions of the policy game in Brussels
 along with the theory of cooperation and schema development. Third
 allowing them to retain power through periods of late development
 Human factors. increased globalization of the workplace and the of collaboration technologies are making CMC necessary aspect of teamwork [27]. Culturally diverse are becoming the norm in knowledge-intensive that involve making sense of incomplete
 media
 who entered a New Zealand primary classroom midway through the school year. John's basic conversational ability was sound
 invisible
 we propose a packet distribution for complex access route combining IEEE802.11/802.16 wireless links in parallel and tandem
 as interacting dimensions of capitalist diversity in post-socialist Eastern Europe and Latin America. On these grounds
 I consider capital
 ytr) according to a 3-dimensional spatial-temporal authorization model. In this paper
 however
 a lesser number of medium-size Chinatowns
 accurately identify abuse events
 even for recent newcomers. Rather
cited By 3
 obscures citizens' obligations to one another and will shortly change the US into a minority - majority society. Drawing from historical accounts and statistical evidence
 information management
cited By 25
 an additional type of tolerance
 where it takes the form of a non-spacelike local energy flow that provides the criterion for breaking the symmetry resulting from time-reversal invariant local laws. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 the mainstream process of creating
 mesh compression
 and information science. The theory extends the concept of structural holes from social networks to a broader range of associative networks found in science studies
 which is not possible through modern corporate
 most women also reported having relationships that could be characterized as both ""low risk"" (e.g.
 which has socio-economic implications. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
cited By 14
 while accommodation of this diversity is not yet approached in inclusive and integrating ways. Media and parliamentary debates regarding the construction of a mosque in the capital
 with the particular kind of concept used on an occasion being determined by the context. I argue that endorsing pluralism does not lead to eliminativism about concepts as an object of scientific interest. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 their perceived inability to socialize a child of the opposite gender) and concerns about heterosexism (e.g.
 we propose to transpose the concept of scalability to the world of multimedia documents by introducing the so-called Scalable MSTI model. In this paper
 as a way to improve their self-efficacy beliefs regarding equitable science teaching and learning of all students. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 and ethnographic or other qualitative methods should be accompanied by greater specificity in terminology to alert researchers to the various phenomena being studied (i.e.
 femininity itself is not a risk factor for low levels of voice. In addition
 the pattern of findings demonstrate that adults' educational expectations are dynamic and responsive to how youth are faring in school and to changes in academic performance across time. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 Chinese universities are being structured in a hierarchical way according to functions and goals. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 therefore
 differentials/opportunities in property values
 and nature. This pedagogy is called ecojustice education and serves to conserve and sustain cultural diversity and the biodiversity of Earth's ecosystems
 military and economic considerations about missile defense
 empirical results from the use of Inductive Logic Programming (ILP) systems have repeatedly shown that they can use diverse sources of background knowledge when constructing models. In this paper
 where collisions are avoided. This technique is particularly appealing for the uplink of broadband wireless systems
 we study the performance of the proposed schemes in terms of spectral efficiency
 in cognitive radio ad hoc networks (CRAHNs)
cited By 27
 parents and adolescents). Data were collected from three hospitals in Northern Israel using observations and audiotapes of diagnosis disclosure encounters and audio-taped interviews with all participants. The analysis identified eight different presentation tactics used in actual encounters during which physicians made various use of language
 while the flora of attitudes below is more diverse and dependent on factors of organization
 Cummins
 everyday life becomes a dialectic of the practical and eosmological directed toward an ever-deepening tacit and embodied revelation of the ultimate unity and truth of the universe."
 LLC 2009."
 G D and Papadimitriou
 as well as candidate selection
 if John is sometimes tall
 there are numerous differences due to some properties unique to OSNs. This paper enumerates interesting properties
 and parents. Against the Chinese cultural context
 U-MAC and D-MAC
cited By 0
 LLC 2009."
cited By 29
 W and Oprocha
 and also converges to the entropy solution in the scalar case. We present a number of numerical experiments in order to demonstrate the robustness and accuracy of our scheme. The set of examples consists of a moving shock solution to the Burgers' equation
 we achieve performance comparable to that of human taggers
 if this change applies to all science topics or only to some. The article at hand argues that science issues from different epistemic cultures can be expected to be ""medialized"" to different extents
"Albright
 R and Gardner
 and media can dramatically affect the final text and its reception by users. Rather than viewing multimodal production work as just technical skill
cited By 0
 as well as highly resistant to efforts to escape from it
 it seems
cited By 7
 crime control
 which in turn
 confirming the assumption that most of the information required for distinguishing between various categories actually is contained in the nouns
 the paper analyzes experimenters as self-conscious social persons who recognize monkeys as conscious organisms. Integrating Plessner's ideas into the stock of concepts used in science and technology studies provides richer descriptions of laboratory life. In particular
 I pose five questions about specific areas where religious and scientific worldviews may conflict-questions about the nature of faith
 2006; Clahsen et al. J Child Language 34:601-622
 but may lose diversity gain in frequency selective fading channels. On the other hand
 which in turn effectively predicts actual job changes. The effect of job search on the probability of changing jobs varies with job satisfaction and is strongest at low levels of job satisfaction. The effects of job dissatisfaction on job search and of job search on quits are stronger for workers with lower tenure
 the teachers reported rarely discussing student diversity in their own teaching or with other teachers at their schools. The teachers identified specific organizational supports and barriers in teaching science with diverse student groups at both the school and classroom levels. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 and university instruction. These undergraduate majors differ from those focusing upon social problems or applied or professional majors. Eighty percent of the team members applied for graduate study
 homophobia on campus is still a significant problem and therefore universities are not perceived nor experienced by LGBT students as 'safe spaces' in which to be open about sexual orientation/gender identity. The implications of the findings for university policy and practice in relation to LGBT (and indeed all) students is also explored. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 etc. Furthermore
 this paper also has a theoretical objective: to extend and refine the classic model of affiliation and initiation into cultural practices established by Howard Becker with his case study of marijuana use. {\textcopyright} 2009 Springer Science+Business Media
 using distinct 'levels' or 'scales' of analysis
 the ""authentic"" lipstick
 and ever more deeply entangled with technologies. Yet
 and made adjustments to plans (the flight ended safely). In this case
 an initiative aspiring to bring the different social communities closer to the judiciary. By organising events
 1996;20 (6-7):743-91; Johnston AB
cited By 6
 LLC."
 particularly for conducting cooperative work. The paper highlights the impact for the participants' perception
 they were in the direction of Internet users being more supportive of diverse and tolerant points of view than were non-users
 concerning scientific literacy
 which is similar to so-called head-of-line (HOL) blocking. To reduce the probability of the occurrence of the HOL blocking
 and thus its outcomes are largely the matter of conjecture. This paper presents results from a UK qualitative interview study with patients who have experienced rationing associated with morbid obesity or breast cancer care
 diplomacy
 with participation limited to low-income students who have faced substantial personal hardships. Undergraduate and medical students provide key program leadership and training. The curriculum is based on science inquiry education and includes hospital internships
 we investigate the impact of AFR on the performance of realistic application traffic with diverse requirements by simulations. We have implemented the AFR scheme in the NS-2 simulator and present detailed results for TCP
 imperialism
 the focus of the article is the Maya area and Central America
 the radio support group
 which are in essence a particular type of lighting
 the concept of biculturalism - partnership with the indigenous tangata whenua-was pre-eminent in the debate but
 and offer directions for future."
 exposure to written intervention material
 A"
 LLC."
 and regression analyses identified significant differences among graduate students and their perceptions of departmental climate when compared on the basis of gender
 francophone regions outside Quebec became sites of discursive struggle
 industry-funded postgraduate coursework program as a case study
 so the answer is 2∈+∈1 or 3). In the first task
 average levels of ethnic identity was found to vary significantly across different relational contexts. Regardless of ethnicity
 and senior clinical nursing personnel
 whilst older people's networks of friends tend to have a more diverse age distribution. In addition
 the instructions per cycle and performance. Hence
 to avoid any references to who they are or where they come from? In this essay
 we propose to modify or extend representative existing methods. As a non-parametric method
 and application layers have to be considered. The aim of this paper is to develop a new MAC model for BSNs to fulfill all these specific rigorous requirements under realistic medical settings. For that purpose
 to estimate the scaled electromagnetic vector sensors' steering vectors and then to estimate the azimuth arrival angle
 it develops edge stress concentrations at heavy loads. The logarithmic profile of the roller results in no edge stress concentration at the low
cited By 4
 bacterial semiosis and the like. Another type of diversity is due to the existence of different types of signs and has led to the distinction between iconic
 and transmit energy efficiencies for desired average symbol error rate (ASER) than the preceding ARQ based cooperative protocols. Finally
 the dynamics between approved relatedness and family-based migration regimes as well as the normative aspects resulting in a gendered perspective on the demands of reciprocity. The author introduces the notion of a ""contributive family model"" in order to capture the individual choice of keeping in touch and the meaning of social practices
cited By 8
 spirituality
 Taysir Alouni
 we propose a novel protocol called vehicular cooperative media access control (VC-MAC)
 and housing in Montr{\'{e}}al. Investigating which institutions collects ethnic statistics and why
 and body representations in a range of visual media. At the very early stage of children's cognitive development when stereotypes and racisms are being formed
 and how social functionalities can benefit communication services implementation. To demonstrate the approach feasibility
 M"
 diversified real-time services will be presented
 which can be used for the configuration and optimization of the SD services. It is observed from simulations that the analytical model has high accuracy. Service can be efficiently differentiated with initial backoff window in terms of throughput and channel access delay. Moreover
"Guerra
 mostly related with synchronization and timing. Thus
"Ganguly
"Colbois
 necessitating the introduction of social cognitive theory as the foundation for the interpretation of personal cognition. Task technology fit theory
 we propose a generic offline bitstream analysis framework and an optimal speed control algorithm which achieves the maximal energy savings among all feasible speed profiles for the given buffers. The proposed scheme enables us to compute the buffer sizes of feasibility condition
 especially in interpretation
cited By 0
cited By 4
 which include prediction accuracy
 diversity-aware routing protocols are proposed to determine the routing path and the relaying topology. Simulations with both constant bit rate and TCP (transmission control protocol) traffic show significant performance gains of the proposed cooperative relaying schemes. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 and quality of relations are each independently associated with adolescent self-esteem. In addition
 but is even more urgent in its critical interrogation of the Petrarchistic formulae. Here
 E"
 challenges and findings are presented. Results indicated that the challenges to this work were minimized due to careful planning and collaboration by and with administration and treatment staff. Unique to this work was the process where a formal research approach was used in the context of a private
cited By 9
 and the quality of the mother-father relationship mediated these associations. Father ethnicity and residency moderated associations between the father-mother relationship
 field data were collected from a local catalog company and prediction hit rates were compared for different models. The multi-category inter-purchase time model exhibited better prediction hit rates than a basic model. Using the multiplicative model
 we present two rate 2/3 complex ST block codes from orthogonal designs for five and six transmit antennas
 framing it in relation to the 16 key values education approaches identified in the literature. The data revealed the document's strong privileging of conservative values education discourses
 LLC."
 and
 an in-depth study of the impact of the emotionality indicators on churn behavior is done. (ii) This study compares three classification techniques - i.e. Logistic Regression
"Zhang
 one focal issue concerns the role of neural plasticity for addressing these issues. If reorganization maintains the same cognitive functions
 and
 it not only transmits the differentially encoded signal matrix within one symbol block periods regardless of the number of transmit antennas
 Metaphoric Thinking
 online console games
 dominance-power
 and 25 RAs published between 2000 and 2004 (Corpus B)
 becoming a pure government mouthpiece
"Brown
 a transcoding algorithm is proposed to address the issue of multiuser diversity. In addition
 recall
 female entrepreneurs' strong ties included more kin members. No significant gender difference in the composition of weaker ties was observed
 based on the IEEE 802.11 DCF
 like the collection of essays that it introduces
"Thorpe
 our scan included interviews with teachers
 abdicating responsibility for safety and security to private companies
 were intense contacts enhanced trust
 M and Hanquinet
cited By 12
 with their ambitious aim of closing the North-South knowledge gap and the digital divide
cited By 0
 but termination and Church Rosser property become problems that will require manual interaction
 which considerably reduce OOV rate
 exhibited strong science identities and high self-efficacy
 LLC."
cited By 8
 protection and promotion of the Tibetan cultural heritage
 and experiences from diverse cases. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science + Business Media B.V."
 demand clustering and bi-factor approximation. Our techniques extend to several variants of this problem
"Sakka
 technology and management to contemporary issues such as outsourcing
 the clustering of nodes based on authentic and similar content in our AGP also improves the quality of search results. We have implemented the AGP with the PeerSim simulation engine and conducted thorough experiments on diverse network topologies and various mixtures of honest/dishonest nodes to demonstrate improvements in topology transformation
 in California
 fluctuation
cited By 7
 which do not consider the property of the two-way traffic. A new class of relaying protocols
"Gorgori{\'{o}}
 T and Beylot
 although it increases the energy consumption. We therefore make the ECB as small as we can without incurring significant performance reduction by sacrificing the data rate to an extent that depends on the channel conditions. We suggest a way of choosing an adequate but energy-efficient level of ECB interleaving and
 home to world's largest number of illiterates and poor people (70{\%} or even more together) is immense. With anywhere
 social practices
 governments have either encouraged 'friendly' media groups or
"K{\""{u}}nzler
 T"
 examining the role of small states in decision-making on the supranational and international level. {\textcopyright}SAGE PUBLICATIONS 2009."
 the paper proposes to account for such discursive practices and interpretations in public domains
 being older
 and meso-analysis
 refashioned
 L"
 and the transformation of politics (media politics) as well as consumption will be elaborated upon. In addition to Marshall's triad ĝ€"" civic
"Cushman
"Vakil
 and examines the potential contributions of one specific software program
 Valentine letters filled with true compliments
 and these ethnic differences were mediated by ethnic identity. Longitudinal analyses indicated ongoing associations
 if any
 distress specifically related to parenting demands
 one important way of doing this has been to license hybrid channels that
 depressive symptoms and life satisfaction. Archival information regarding the racial/ethnic composition of the participants' neighborhoods and schools was used and increased school diversity was linked to increased perceptions of cultural discrimination. Regardless of school and neighborhood diversity
 or program components promoting social skills and classroom behaviors associated with succeeding in school
 images
 the speakers personal sphere
 we propose a metadata model suited for personal content management systems. We create a layered metadata service that implements the presented model as an upper layer and combines different metadata schemes in the lower layers. Semantic web technologies are used to define and link formal representations of these schemes. Specifically
 Sādhuputra's Sekodde{\'{s}}a-ipaī
 social justice education is evenhanded. The charge of ideology/imposition is then explored
 for the first challenge
 the paper investigates a dynamic bandwidth allocation (DBA) scheme and its closely associated research issues. This DBA scheme takes into consideration the specific features of the converged network to enable a smooth data transmission across optical and wireless networks
 it is original
 we derive the optimal asymptotic approximation and compression rates based on Kolmogorov metric entropy. For piecewise constant functions
 observers should bear in mind an alternative hypothesis that different historical conditions may well determine structural changes that have diverse outcomes in the political and cultural arenas
 respecting administrative boundaries and resource limitations). Our approach is integrated into our Peer-to-Peer Grid platform Cohesion. We substantiate its effectiveness through performance measurements and demonstrate its applicability through a graphical monitoring solution leveraging our aggregation system. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009."
 in Umbria there were at least 1
 grid dual is intrinsically embedded in the physical profile of the problem
"Garrett
 and referential structure of six elite blogs. First by randomly sampling overall trends of Palin coverage and then by performing a quantitative content analysis of a sub-sample of posts
 where pigeonholing and niche marketing shrink one's audience to the already convinced. {\textcopyright} Springer Science + Business Media
 T D and Hafferty
 Latvia and Estonia. Indeed
 interface
cited By 9
 we propose the use of uniformly distributed random lines to overcome the main drawbacks of the excess entropy computation. To show the good performance of the proposed segmentation approach different experiments on synthetic and real brain models are carried out. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
 social network analysis
 the need for empirical proof and claims for non-economic ways of assessing media diversity. It concludes by stressing the need to re-emphasize normative claims as essential guiding elements of communications policy making. {\textcopyright} 2009 SAGE Publications."
 film and internet based media are enormously valuable in the various phases of the design process. The first 'MTV-generation' is now already completing the study. The video clips inspire the students and can be watched twenty-four hours a day and seven days a week. Lessons become a laboratory-like platform where students can experiment and further develop design exploration and visualization. Our Department characterizes Media according the motto 'research by means of creation' and as a result fine-tunes regularly the contents of the discipline. A new post academic study in 'movieSCAPEdesign' is being created. This post master degree offers a different approach to architectural design: space as a blend of virtual space
 Elan Lee
 a fine registration is followed by using a new measure based on the entropy of conditional probabilities. Here
 'collaboration range'
 we describe an algorithm
 thereby delegitimating Palestinian violence as a means of resistance. {\textcopyright} 2009 Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 and may reflect their self-perceptions. Educational implications for critical media literacy are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2009 by the Association for Childhood Education International."
"Delibas
"Duncan
 and the evolution of Canada's national identity. The authors examine whether new media technologies can serve as a means to assert and
 but the diversity of codec types complicates the situation. Although some mainstream media players can try to download the needed codec automatically
"Biswas
 and public advocacy that have characterized her diverse and challenging encounters with communities affected by megaprojects. In part 2
 deploy syncretism in complex fields of practice. Rather than focusing on doctrinal blending
 as are the evolving ways of (re-)constructing the tension between the transnational and the national
 it registers each structure individually when building the shape models. It defines an entropy-based energy function which is minimized using quasi-Newton algorithm. Probability density functions (pdf) are estimated iteratively using nonparametric Parzen window method. In the optimization algorithm
cited By 34
 H"
 the style of IOI tasks is generally considered unattractive. We started overcoming those obstacles through using Scratch
 can perform well on a new challenging corpus. It turns out that the material that we describe in this paper both made of new and already well-established techniques allow to perform very well on those two tasks since the results we obtained with the systems we designed are top ranked."
 U"
 but these differences were nonsignificant 4 years later (T3). Working within an ecological developmental framework (Bronfenbrenner 1977
 and revision policies
 and interactive exercises. This exploratory study is not a bold attempt to answer the question regarding all features of multimedia; rather
"Lum
 including race
 people and media have had to wrestle with how it should present to the world the image of its legislature. By 2007 the diverse demands of community participation and state occasion have caused the Members of Parliament
 however
 the application of wavelets in registration is hindered by their lack of rotation- and translation-invariance. To overcome this obstacle
 LLC 2008."
 and how there is a minimal level of attention paid to social needs in GMOs' production. A series of problems more specific to the subject of the study discuss the weaknesses of the public research system. On the basis of these problems
 the essay asks social scientists what it means to engage research that takes seriously the idea of mutual implication
 a minimum duration of ""off"" is suggested
 so that they can govern managed entities
 a mathematical method to obtain all possible minimized prime implicants. This method is not only easier to understand than other complex algorithms
 there is a considerable gap between aspirations and enrolment levels. We suggest that this 'aspirations gap' is larger for students from low socio-economic backgrounds. This analysis also supports growing evidence that the postcode methodology for allocating socio-economic status to individuals is unreliable. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2009."
 such as the cultivation of cognitive justice
"Tang
 environment
 and honors programs experience a wide range of interactions based on academic services received
 and compared with the maximum-peak-ratio (MPR) performance analysis tool. While characterizing the performance of the different derandomized variants in the context of niching
 the center of music education policy must be the people dealing with music and their varied musical practices
 the same degrading notions of women as sex objects and promiscuous beings continue to exist. Through the survey
 the market dominance of these media conglomerates and their local allies
 contrary to Fitzpatrick's argument include many characters that read against these predominant media stereotypes. Fitzpatrick's argument that Khaled Hosseini's A Thousand Splendid Suns promotes negative Muslim stereotypes does not respond to the multiple women in the text that confound expectations running against type and have their own coercive and powerful agency. Arguments of ‘New Orientalism' in an increasing global network of dialectism and interconnectedness are allegations indeterminedly complicated by the political status and agency of the native or near native authors involved. Authorial complications that consider a particular extrinsic/intrinsic outlook
 but not pressure tactics. For adolescents with low parental warmth
 elementary school teachers
 as an embodiment and representation of love
 interactivity
 the different conversational tones of dialogues are described: different tonalities
 seeking to ensure that these valuable materials are preserved and possibly made accessible presents a number of challenges and opportunities
 especially for high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and large frame length L regime. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 advanced network intelligence enables a personal gateway to handle flow distributions dynamically for all the devices behind it according to the applications' QoS requirements and the current available network resources. The essential procedures in this architecture are described. Following that
 and discourses of diversity. Taken collectively
 10{\%} Latino
 an engineered approach to exploit such information is required. Such an approach should generate added-value by offering means for combining diverse data sources
 Arab Muslim
 modify and redistribute digital media. Because this impacts business profits adversely
 the empirical study uses data from the very long established annual publication Who's Who to make a quantitative analysis of the higher education background of all 120
 where appropriate
 profit and non-profit organizations
 multi-media materials
 and sends an emergency call for help in case of an occurrence of an accident or a severe health problem. The paper focuses on implementation details and practical considerations of integrating the diverse technologies into a working system. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK)
 while others just want to understand how the body works and be better educated about their own physical health. The online course consists of 51 online didactic lectures and corresponding topicrelated ""virtual labs"" that involve computer simulations. The support for the online PSL course consists of a faculty monitored discussion board
 physicians
 interviews and critical analysis including the narrative 'soundings' of sample experiences from student blogs and visual analysis of some student portfolios. We used the PebblePad as a mini VLE
 to carry out their work to submit it to professors/tutors
 widely discussed in the literature. A peer review process conducted by students themselves and the quality of their discussion combined with the teacher's assessment is proposed as a contribution to this discussion. Students' interest in active work in the interactive electronic environment was investigated and positive results received. High quality results in terms of students' portfolios (essays and review discussions) provide evidence of usability of the presented pedagogical tool at university level. The article concludes with a review of our experiences with MediaWiki
 editorial criticism did not subside until the president ‘s death. Even then
 we present the results of an enquiry into the 'lemon' problem within a group of 484 Belgium ISVs that target the SME market. A survey of the websites of the selected ISVs was conducted
 it is expected that highly efficient Pd-based cathodes can find application in DEGFCs. {\textcopyright} 2009 by the authors; licensee Molecular Diversity Preservation International
 material diversity
 manuscripts from the USA began to outpace those from the UK in 1990
 creative
 SAGE Publications Ltd. All rights reserved."
 we utilize multilevel modeling to assess both school and parental effects on the various elements of political discussion. Results suggest that frequency of discussion is related to both factual and structural knowledge
 P"
 diverse and not commonly agreed upon. In our work
 SAGE Publications. All rights reserved."
 for examples the industrial control segment market will be worth {\$}5.3B by 2010 and the smart home market will be worth {\$}2.8 billion worldwide by 2012 (Source: Stamatis Karnouskos
 data relating to the 1980s or early 1990s. Gaps in our knowledge and understanding of the providers of rental housing remain
 to achieve operational efficiencies and to help to generate further innovative responses to defined housing needs.
 supply side aspects
 France and the Netherlands that offered innovative financing and regulatory policies or cautionary tales of potential relevance to Australia. The European based member of the research team
 financial and legal skills. This finding is important because of the growing complexity of the business of these agencies. It also indicates the attractiveness of the not-for-profit housing industry to social entrepreneurs with both social and business expertise. There is a dynamic organisational environment surrounding the expansion of the not-for-profit sector at present
 such as public/private /not-for-profit partnerships. Lessons for appropriate regulation of affordable housing provision
 as summarised below.
 which mostly involve individual providers raising retail finance project by project. A specialised fund raising intermediary could be established for this purpose. However
 strategic elements of a policy model that would be capable of supporting sustainable growth in that sector need further development
 have been highlighted as key areas for greater collaboration. Beyond governments
 rules and standards are settled and financing packages are put in place
 providers and projects.
"Milligan
 the paper establishes evaluating model of social capital in competitive alliance and method of multilevel fuzzy evaluation
 we present a survey of the media distribution resilient approaches proposed in recent literature. We classify them based on overlay topology design and error-resilient control approaches
 then simulate a representative number of algorithms in each class taking into account the characteristics of the IEEE 802.16 standard. We evaluate the algorithms with respect to their abilities to support multiple classes of service
 we proceed with a complete implementation of the cooperative MAC protocol using an OFDM based software defined radio (SDR) platform. We investigate the benefits of the SDR approach
cited By 2
 heterogeneity and incompleteness of data make social networks perform as 'data isolated islands' separated to each other. In this paper
cited By 71
 as in the past. It is the addition of biofuels that has resulted in its growing faster than in the past. In parallel
 worldwide. We evaluate the system in the context of image search using a real-life dataset of 110
 we seek to understand YA's knowledge sharing activity. We analyze the forum categories and cluster them according to content characteristics and patterns of interaction among the users. While interactions in some categories resemble expertise sharing forums
 specificity
 from informatics to software engineering. CHASE 2008 met its goals in presenting high-quality research and building community through a mixture of presentations
 takes place during the daily production process. The resulting bias often causes a sharp increase in political polarization and in the cost of conflict on social issues such as Iraq war [3]. It is very difficult
 our observations revealed that users developed diverse interaction approaches and attitudes about hybrid and direct touch interaction. Copyright 2008 ACM."
 we describe this approach by focusing on the experiments in development in the agglomeration of La Rochelle (FRANCE) under the cadre of European project SUCCESS of CIVITAS program."
 cohesiveness
 ontologies
 and builds a community of volunteers to encourage each other. Preliminary usability testing indicates that doGooder will successfully help organizations to recruit
"Arjan
 E and McAuley
cited By 8
 Estonia. This master's level course was initiated with an attempt to create an educational challenge for students to enhance their dispositions for self-directed study activities with the support of social media. {\textcopyright} ACM 2008."
 real graphs (citation networks
"Mahdi
 message boards
 encourage and enable the use of social media
 Brisbane
 and set the agenda for future research. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2008
"Chung
"Bajaj
 and it may be suitable for analyzing large or dynamical data. {\textcopyright} 2008 Binary Information Press."
 serving the public interest better. In Europe
 diversity serves
"Satchell
 request frequency vector
 and spaces are structured for interaction
cited By 6
 Auckland University of Technology. All rights reserved."
 while still maintain compliance to the compression format. The proposed algorithms are especially suitable for wireless multimedia application. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 in combination with multicast stream merging. The main purpose is to gain insight into the filtering effects caused by caching and merging. Using request frequencies
 reducing the frequency requirement and expected power consumption of the coding engine. Experiments show that this new scheme (with N=2) can deliver ̃2x throughput improvement at a cost of 0.76{\%} average increase in bit-rate or equivalently a decrease in average PSNR of 0.025dB on five 720p resolution video clips when compared with H.264/AVC. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 including the collisions during distributed access to the wireless medium. Previously
 PACIFIC JOURNALISM REVIEW. All rights reserved."
 they suggest that
 Financial Times Europe and European Voice) is presented
 bloggers tend to link to the online versions of traditional news media as well as to other blogs. However
 and core of the information entropy (denoted by Core3(C)). Some researchers have been pointed out that these three kinds of cores are not equivalent to each other. Based on the above three kinds of core attributes
 H"
 we analyze three weeks of unsampled and non-anonymized network traces from a medium-sized backbone network to assess data utility. The risk of de-anonymizing individual IP addresses is formally evaluated
 the estimated rate could be different from the actual rate used for encoding. In this paper we present an empirical study on the motion vector rate estimation mismatch caused by different entropy coding assumptions and discuss its impact on motion estimation and coding efficiency. We also present a more accurate motion vector rate estimation method for encoding with the context adaptive arithmetic coding (CABAC) method while still maintaining low computational complexity. The proposed motion vector rate estimation can provide up to 2.26{\%} in rate savings for low bit rate applications when all modes are considered for the encoding. Results for single mode encoding
"Iyer
 such as JPEG2000 and H.264/MPEG-4 SVC
 several inequalities are derived for the coefficients which occur in the relaxation equations. {\textcopyright} 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
cited By 0
 the compressor does not know what rate to target. We tackle these issues in this paper. We first develop statistical models for images before extending it to videos
 but that the early northern Comb Ware was part of a large
 etc
 determined according to different contrast types
 to which ordinary media such as TV can hardly adapt
cited By 0
 Y.-C. and Varodayan
 the public and the ways it shapes Woman's Hour. The third factor is the professional and institutional context of the programme. The concluding discussion examines the ways in which Woman's Hour combines or oscillates between recognition and deconstruction of women's/gender identities
 have a much broader range of network links with other types of organisations. Thus
 or different times
 respecting especially gender and other cultural
 between advocates of closed communities and advocates of open communities
 to explore the diverse impacts on Mongol
 and Bronfenbrenner are explicitly discussed. Some suggestions for practice are also provided. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 30
 the emergence
 transnational or European citizenship. It is proposed that of the two versions of translation
 the rest of the users are steadily moving towards rich media content with increased diversity. Surely
 and its application through explaining a possible scenario. Then we identified diverse modality as a technical challenge for achieving such mobile service and applied media conversion for adapting data representation to each particular modality. Besides
 preparing electrical engineers and computer scientists as well as possible for their professional life. This training does not only include the technical
 we assume distributivity over the resulting set of worlds. St'{\'{a}}t'imcets modals thus receive a uniform interpretation as (distributive) pluralities. The appearance of variability in modal force arises because the choice function can select a larger or smaller subset of accessible worlds. Finally
 we advocate (c) a pragmatic approach towards social explanation
 reduces the turnaround time
 M E and Mashao
 in marriage and family therapy courses can generate emotional responses in students and professors that vary from shame to anger. These discussions are necessary to help students understand diverse families as well as how one's biases can affect his/her clinical work. Our qualitative study consisted of phenomenological interviews
 a fully integrated multimedia content adaptation platform based on semantic web technologies. It aims at being deployable in streaming environments and relies on formatindependent semantic-aware adaptation engines. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
cited By 0
 as an aspect of nanobiotechnology
 the 1990s ushered in a so-called phase of democratization. This was about rethinking citizenship and the relationship to politics. This democratization was a response to the notion of diversity. This paper claims that the answer to this diversity issue fell far short of expectations and proceeds different examples taken from social
cited By 3
 the authors delineate salient therapeutic themes and map changes from a transgenerational perspective with attention to socio-cultural and political processes. An anthropological stance (Becvar
cited By 15
 the adaptation process must be simple to execute because it may be performed on limited terminals in broadcast scenarios. Second
 looking for a minimum of entropy combined with a maximum of energy in the image
 colleges and a 'free' school. In each
 text messages
 features are extracted from multiple modalities. Machine learning module is further performed to get some middle-level features
 why is vertical law problematic for feminists? Second
 and a continuing demographic surveillance system (from 2000 on). Our analysis confirms the large prevalence of nuclear families
 maintenance and repairs of the mobile phone
cited By 3
 2008; Saricoban and Metin
 U and Bhatti
 a critical examination of the Greek situation suggests that there is a considerable discrepancy between the above conceptualisation and the knowledge of the issue emerging from the activities of criminal justice agencies. The examination of the general conditions of economic exploitation and social marginalization of migrants in Greece in the 1990s and after reveals significant homologies between the social organization of the sex industry and other sectors of the economy that have depended on migrant labour. This result underscores the nature of the idea of organized crime as an ideological construct acting as a diversion from more substantive paths of inquiry into the structures of national economy that bear upon the exploitation of sexual labour. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 the breakdowns were valuable in that they occasioned refinement of our theories and designs."
 comparing the results from two of the most used approaches for data analysis
 live in a discrete 2D torus space and an interaction between creatures is restricted locally. Bearing a genetic network in mind
 and modes of narration are sometimes mirror images of one another. Since recently the ""national"" paradigm is prevalent the author believes that the new European identity (or plurality of collective identities) of Poland can be successfully built only on a civic
 media studies) that has accumulated over the past 20 years. In this article
 among others. During the design process it is therefore necessary to accurately simulate the power up process and such functions as demodulation and backscatter modulation. However
 the presence
 and spatial multiplexing. In this paper we propose a unified technology for both the MEMS and the metallic pixel-patches that form the reconfigurable antenna array
 Maid in America (2004)
 user modeling
 P D"
 the paper clarifies some colloquial or conventional characteristics that distinguish CS programming courses particularly for Liberal Arts. Following this
 however
 the systems can also boot various Linux based systems such as a thin client with Linux Terminal Server Project (LTSP)
 1990). It is argued here that by combining aspects of the Varieties of Capitalism (VoC) and welfare regimes literatures with Gender Regime theory (Walby
 technology
 and classification. In this work
 HTML
 and it is not depend on the type of video and the kind of shot. The efficiency of the proposed algorithm is extensively tested on news
cited By 1
 it is also easy to manipulate grey statistic method
 if they were involved in the collision
 ContextSeer
 suffer from lack of scalability and robustness. We report on the application of our technique in developing semantic bookmarks for retrieving targeted browsing content and semantic wrappers for robust and scalable information extraction from Web pages sharing a semantic domain. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 or do they form a separate Slavic nationality?]
 reprinted here
 the subjects were asked to identify which document from a pair was more important
"Ren
 and formulate the maximum end-toend throughput problem as a maximum-flow linear programming subject to the transmission conflict constraints. We also propose two multi-rate OR metrics: expected medium time (EMT) and expected advancement rate (EAR)
 rather than simply measuring the channel condition for a node pair each time
 the geographical scope of their operations
cited By 1
 but other goods showed an ideal-level pattern in which they were valued less after an optimal amount. In Phase 2 of Study 1
 and/or image resolution requirements of different communities. In our design
 in wireless links
 decrease the end-to-end (ETE) packet delay
 a research laboratory based in Graz
 we offer suggestions for online moderating. {\textcopyright} 2008 by The Haworth Press. All rights reserved."
 it first select the source with the best channel condition from M available local neighbor source file peers and then requests the file data from the selected source. We introduce a distributed CDF based $\mu$-law time expire source choice method where each source peers only have the knowledge of local instantaneous channel gain. While ODFBP work in dual requesting peers scenario
 it is found the average performance is improved too."
 meanwhile the total weighted scores method will be used to get the best strategy alternatives. The competitive strategies of the Taiwanese Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in the Environmental Management Systems (EMS) are taken as a case study
 T and Beylot
 we study a cross-layer framework that uses randomized cooperative coding
 and their resulting benefits through a survey across 286 SMEs in Ireland. Findings present significant theoretical and practical contributions. It is posited that the ICT infrastructure strongly impacts eCRM capabilities of SME's. Further
"Sel{\c{c}}uk
 M K and Aziz
 which incurs additional delay
cited By 3
 budget allocations
 and that the cross polarization discrimination becomes independent of the transmitter orientation. The proposed antenna configuration to achieve circular polarization allows for polarization diversity to be implemented in the uplink and downlink. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 severe fairness deficiencies appear when the mobiles experience unequal path loss. In this paper
 FEC may not be the best solution and it is preferable to use simple redundancy in frequency and time domain to achieve reliable data transmission. The proposed system has very low computational complexity and is specifically designed for AMR application in the CENELEC frequency bands A and B. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 C and Baey
 contains no provisions for long-term protection of corn ethanol producers and attempts to develop the infrastructure necessary to shift the current corn-ethanol supply to the market. This paper traces the underlying causes of this policy reversal
 and commenting-all within an easy-touse content management system-Web 2.0 websites have the potential to increase the richness
 plurality elections would create a two-party system; in Finland
 in order to sustain a higher level of security
 however
 cellular telephony
 and do not provide mechanisms to cope with controversial news reports. To fill this gap
 two problems still remain unsolved so far
"Hellinger
 information on the collection
 effects
 Inc."
 syntactic and semantic fitness correlations. Programs evolve in a self-similar fashion
 the paper extends a previous proposal for an adaptive TDMA protocol with new self-configuration capabilities according to the current number of active team members. This feature further reduces the likelyhood of collisions within the team. Several experimental results with an actual system implementation show the effectiveness of the proposed solution. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 and the rejection of the hypocrisy
 but many scenarios exist where this is not reasonable. We propose non-uniform entropy compression wherein bottleneck nodes trade computation energy for transmission energy and do more aggressive compression
"Zubow
 an FPGA family must contain members of various sizes and combinations of specialized blocks to satisfy diverse design resource requirements. We formulate the family selection process as an ""FPGA family composition"" problem and propose an efficient algorithm to solve it. The technique was applied to an architecture similar to Xilinx Virtex FPGAs. The results show that smart composition technique can reduce the expected silicon area up to 55{\%}. The benefit of providing multiplier blocks in FPGAs is also shown to reduce total area by 20{\%} using the proposed algorithm. {\textcopyright}2008 IEEE."
"Vasalou
 where n is the number of vertices of the graph. A simple polynomial case is also identified. It is known that graph entropy is a lower bound for the chromatic entropy. We prove that this bound can be arbitrarily bad
 we propose to define the energy as a function of (an estimation of) the MCE distribution. This function was chosen to be a continuous version of the Ahmad-Lin entropy approximation
cited By 13
"Meadows
 adjusted effect estimates indicated higher levels of structural and cognitive social capital in the intervention group than the comparison group
 but extends the application of self-organization principles to the propagation of metadata and the creation of schema mappings. We demonstrate the practical applicability of our method in an image sharing scenario and provide experimental evidences illustrating the validity of our approach. {\textcopyright} Springer-Verlag 2008."
 therefore
 to value the importance of diversity
cited By 13
 with his bleaker view of non-Christian cultures
 and landscapes from Internet imagery
 and the availability of its educational and written materials. The various indices are then ranked for vitality levels and synthesized to obtain the language's degree of vitality and degree of endangerment (De Graaf 2006). By means of a questionnaire survey of Yi-Han bilingual students at the Ethnic Secondary School of Xichang and observations of natural language use by urban Yi-Han bilinguals and rural Yi monolinguals
 127 gay men
 LLC."
 and other groups (total N = 839
 QR decomposition
 inter-organizational/social structure and strategic management perspectives. This framework suggests a parsimonious and cohesive way to explain key EM research issues such as EM adoption
 and so could not serve as the target's reasons. I conclude by suggesting that our folk psychology includes the notion that some behavior is explained by personality traits-who the person is-rather than by beliefs and desires-what the person thinks. Consequences of this view for the debate between simulation theory and theory theory
 contrary to popular belief
"Wang
 this promotion has its own limitations and marginalizes those expressions considered extreme or contrary to a liberal conception of multiculturalism. {\textcopyright} 2008 SAGE Publications."
 Y.-C. and Varodayan
 and pre and post tests of empathy showed that students who had the opportunity to discuss socio-scientific dilemmas gave better definitions for scientific concepts and made better connections between them
 with different code rates and different frame lengths
 agents are supposed to identify the role of the words composing a sentence. At a second stage
cited By 3
 etc. Limitations under the pretext of informational sovereignty or the fight against terrorism and political extremism should not undermine ideological and political plurality in the media and society. The article concludes with a comparison of the level of press freedom between all 15 post-Soviet states. Copyright {\textcopyright} Sage Publications 2008."
 but the same is happening whenever a strong segregation process of the extremists occurs. Only when extremists are forming clusters but these clusters keep interacting with the rest of the society
 the impact of television seems to be enhanced
 written newspaper corpora and speech transcriptions. Finite state transducers produced the best results for written newspaper corpora
cited By 10
 or scale-free networks model social relationships
 whose diversity is confined into the inner – inaccessible – spheres of the private. Lindenstrasse thus collapses into the field of a white majority consumerism characteristic for other media formats. {\textcopyright} 2008 Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 LLC."
 improving scientific reasoning
 and they may have a corresponding variety of educational objectives. However
 LLC."
 namely Multiuser Diversity with Capture (MDC)
 and weight control behaviors. An alternative ""selection"" model was also evaluated. Girls (N = 236; M age = 15.95 years) from diverse ethnic backgrounds completed surveys assessing peer crowd affiliation
 happen to gravitate precipitously toward the very center of the labyrinth that the inn represents. The inn
 we review an MOE initiated Extensive Reading (ER) programme in one school. Despite such innovative policies
 LLC."
 LLC."
 controlling for a set of self-selection factors measured at 7th grade prior to activity involvement. Organized activity participation was associated with higher than expected grades
 we propose new diversification techniques for the second approach in order to get better results and secondly
 compared to the non-participating schools. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
cited By 3
cited By 4
 MAC and APP layers regarding inter-segment dependency
 we propose a cooperation-based routing algorithm
 once a customer inputs the levels of importance of requirements
 within the context of a mature community computer network (the Blacksburg Electronic Village). Not only do politically active
 reviews practical workflow issues and identifies potential barriers to success. {\textcopyright} 2008 by The Haworth Press
 a subset of the frame may still be reliably recovered. In this paper
 nor did they provide a phase-level characterization. In this paper
 leading to a deeper understanding of a place for tourists. This research introduces three design principles for Moodlog which are: (1) Place Regarded as Human
 the regions of objects can't be located exactly
 our approach is evaluated by a reallife application that combines LinkedIn and DBLP to predict collaborative colleague relation. {\textcopyright}2008 IEEE."
 e.g.
 composibility
 incomplete data)
 protection and distribution
 must take into account all the different aspects of this heterogeneous environment. This paper describes the approach adopted within the European project ENTHRONE-2 to address this challenge. ENTHRONE-2 has conceived
"Einhaus
 J and Liao
cited By 10
 requiring neither original media nor complete video decoding. The experimental results show that the hidden algorithm has little effect on the video quality and the bitrate hasn't been changed. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 the statistical entropy (ENT) method and the correlation-based feature selection (CFS) method. Experimental results show that our method has performed comparatively well with higher reduction strength and smaller rules set against the benchmarking methods
 for enhancing their productivity by the automation of their industrial and management processes. This involves a SME's effort not only by a financial point of view
 etc.) is presented. {\textcopyright}2008 IEEE."
 Attenuation
 cannot cope with a high frequency of broken links in a high mobility environment. To address this problem
 we can show that the minimum variance solution can effectively reduce the quality fluctuations among the objects
 as well as the outcomes of those searches. The evidence indicates that most respondents experienced discrimination by landlords in their housing search (this was less of a problem for the Cape Verdeans
"Lichte
 a conclusion confirmed by numerical results. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 there is no theoretical results on capacity enhancement provided by OR or network capacity bounds of OR. In this paper
 [2]. MDM associates multiple distortion values with each packet depending on the user types (low/high resolution viewers
 we propose the Hybrid Multimedia Access (HMA) model that uses the multimedia content descriptions such as MPEG-7 standard and MPEG-21 multimedia framework. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
 practised popular education techniques and presented our emerging knowledge in multi-media forms. We related our experience to recent articles in EAR and to other PAR literature. The chickadee facilitated our deep listening to writings and to our own stories. Collective power emerged from our relationships and our diversity."
 for WSNs. Our goal is to achieve both high performance and energy efficiency under diverse traffic conditions. In contrast to most of previous multi-channel MAC protocols for WSNs
 V W S"
 D-NoopMAC and D-CoopMAC. The study yields the unexpected yet crucial observation that cooperative forwarding significantly limits the spatial reuse created by transmission directionality
 fairness performance and link utilization in WLANs. {\textcopyright}2008 IEEE."
 i.e. only links with threshold-exceeding channel conditions are allowed for data transmission. Simulation results confirm that the proposed protocols can achieve impressive throughput performance by exploiting spatial multiplexing and diversity. {\textcopyright}2008 IEEE."
 implementation and evaluation of an online social network application
cited By 2
 and that even in mild turbulence there is often a diversity gain of 0.5 dB
 G V S and Popescu
 M and Cosmas
"Schatz
 the PAPR of OFDM signals can be reduced greatly."
 for the modems using coding
 control the coherent time and the interleaver length. Hence
 and if combined with the bandwidth allocation priority
 others propose that newer media provide an increased opportunity for exposure to diverse views. In returning to the concept of selective exposure
cited By 11
 despite the cynical dismissal of these similarities by a Luhmann disciple. It documents how media sociology has applied chaos theory to justify market-driven journalism and claim the emergence of a global public sphere; and it looks at the potential of network analysis
cited By 0
 Spinoza's God is such that He cannot be fully described by mere finite intellect. What this translates to the contemporary situation of information ethics is that there are always bound to be many different ways of conceptualizing one and the same reality
 thus issue in an expanded and more refined version of PI and IE - one still facing important questions as well as possibilities for further development. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2008."
 we propose two novel EL schemes
 so it is suitable for security multimedia services for mobile device and wireless application. {\textcopyright} 2008 The Journal of China Universities of Posts and Telecommunications."
"Zolberg
"Jehle
cited By 0
 we develop a formula to estimate the tail distribution of the packet delay for an arbitrary user under the joint scheduling. Numerical results exhibit that under the joint scheduling
 socialist pluralism
cited By 15
 sexuality
 a set of focus-induced alternatives
cited By 19
"Jehle
cited By 3
 coercion or force occurs if one risks being alienated from the (cultural) goods and relationships that structure one's capacity to act in the world. This approach counsels more caution than prominent liberal approaches with respect to negotiating the contested boundary between freedom and force in a diverse society. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
"Agliata
 each queue representing a tier
 with the best results obtained by promoting diversity between derived programs. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 6
 1955) conception of ""personal constructs"". These construct/contrast pairings are seen as representing connected
 there are quite different suppositions about the nature of reality
 the cultural-socio-ecological domain (health care satisfaction
 the public debate has given visibility and opened up public space for immigrant women's groups. We conclude that the notion of the 'good society' has kept at bay the recognition of overtly xenophobic parties
 and the socio-demographic characteristics of respondents. The respective screens produced significantly different groups of problem gamblers as measured by their association with a range of socio-demographic variables. Specifically
 peer assessment
 and all pupils must be informed concerning the various ways of life prevalent in Europe. Furthermore
cited By 10
"Ahmed
 he argues
cited By 4
cited By 12
 allowing them to tailor their experiences to meet their personal learning objectives. In diverse medical education contexts
cited By 5
 published in two leading Urdu-language newspapers between February and July 2006 were located and analysed. The data reveals that the issues related to sub-cultures in Pakistani society remain generally ignored or downplayed. There is overwhelming emphasis on Pakistan's Islamic identity
 that requires reduced space
 enabled conceptualizations of Muslim women as agentic religious subjects. {\textcopyright} 2008 Sociologists for Women in Society."
 based on research conducted in Lisbon
 so as to apply AI techniques when searching for solutions in the design space. Specifically
 and low levels of self-perceived competence predict children's depressive symptoms
 and enhance real systems
 women identified equally with parenthood and college education
 Nyquist null codes and constant weight codes. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 mode choice
 time
 and this is where we will introduce the new Qu{\`{e}}bec parental leave regime
 by composing groups that differ in whether their members initial beliefs are diverse (heterogeneous group) or similar (homogeneous group). We study three-member
 public opinion and the development of the policy problems related to the issue. The other focuses on the structure of party competition itself - more precisely on the incentives for different parties in drawing attention to different issues. This study stresses the importance of the latter based on a study of the immigration issue in Denmark and Sweden. Party political attention to this issue in the 1990s has been considerably stronger in Denmark than in Sweden. This can be explained by the different strategic situation of the main stream right-wing parties in the two countries. Focusing on the immigrant issue easily leads to a conflict with the centre-right
 that arises in this context is asynchronous reception of the signal elements. In the narrowband case the proposed designs generate asynchrony robust space-time block codes (STBCs) via transformations of existing orthogonal STBCs. Subject to a maximum allowable relative delay between signals from distinct transmit antennas
 and subchannel-allocations. We analytically map the parameters characterizing the STD onto the admission-control region guaranteeing the real-time QoS. Our analytical analyses show that the proposed algorithms can effectively support real-time QoS provisioning. Also presented are numerical solutions and simulation results showing that the STD can significantly improve the QoS provisioning for real-time services over wireless networks. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2007 John Wiley {\&} Sons
 and implemented on target platform either through automatic code generation or manually. The high-level WSN model is back-annotated with the measured values from a real platform. In this way
 subcarrier allocation and antenna selection
cited By 8
"Pischella
 an algorithm for adaptation of Alter length based on the statistics of CQI reports is proposed. {\textcopyright} 2008 IEEE."
cited By 12
cited By 5
 this article explores the framework of comprehensive school reforms and challenges stakeholders to do their homework by investigating whether the school reform allows for the implementation of culturally responsive educational experiences for students. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
"Carrillo
 LLC."
 most of them are unsuitable when dealing with large networks due to their computational cost. In this paper
 the tendency toward mobility across institutions becomes more pronounced. By integrating both attribute-specific patterns and more complex structural patterns in the same model social network analysis offers the possibility to investigate differences in co-attendance
 LLC."
 the author argues that Koreans need to construct ""top-down"" approaches to both well-being and spirituality. Reviewing Robert Emmon's concept of ""spiritual intelligence
 the discourse focusing on the extent to which modern Western tourists seek authentic experiences on their trip. The article discusses the changes in the terms of the discourse
 and Weibull distributions etc.
 LLC."
 LLC."
 accountability to accepted standards of reasoning
 or defines credibility. The heuristics level involves general rules of thumb used to make judgments of credibility applicable to a variety of situations. Finally
 Japan (and Taiwan) all allied with the U.S. versus North Korea allied with China. The liberal democracies should pursue peace with North Korea and China to preclude the situation from aggravating
 IQ
 teachers
"Leman
 we can also expect to find new links between lifelong learning and hermeneutics. Third
 often successfully
"Chong
cited By 107
 here I reconstruct and develop a two-pronged argument from the Philosophy of Leibniz that Russell fancied-as late as 1907-to be the downfall of the traditional category of substance. Here
 and can thus combat fast time-varying and frequency-selective channel fading
 while being designed to maintain the same persistency as the conventional CSMA
 built to promote 'unity through diversity' and a re-imaging of the past traditions and mythical landscape of this Southeast Asian economic powerhouse. A central aim is to bring together and make sense of how the notions of nostalgia
 drawing on the test validation network by Read and Chapelle [Read
 we notice that
 there are some key differences. We capture those differences and their implications for technical work in this paper. Our goal is to identify the primary differences leading to the properties of interest in 2.0 to be characterized. We identify novel challenges due to the different structures of Web 2.0 sites
 business economic information
 communication technology is embedded in social networks as part of a larger communication system that individuals use to stay socially connected."
 the Internet of airline tickets and weather forecasts. This paper compares and contrasts the user and non-user populations in terms of expressive and instrumental Internet use
 resulting in different representations for each application. Hegemonic discourse in terms of a source-generated pro-biotechnology bias is found to be solid for biomedical biotechnology
"Forestiero
 we show that this strategy can be arbitrarily bad and therefore
 polarization
"Wong
 juxtaposing stories against one another
cited By 27
 and the private network
 T A and Umbach
 a measure of subjectivity
 advocacy of Australian tolerance of Asian authoritarianism. In attacking Leifer's Realism
"Diaz-Cayeros
 we propose to use network virtualization
 research and peer reviewed publications; (2) deficient in rigor of curriculum; (3) contentious and non-collegial; (4) too ideological; (5) isolated within the college/university and not sufficiently involved in campus governance; (6) too focused on tenure track positions lost over the years; (7) not sufficiently involved with assessment of student learning outcomes and community service learning; and (8) unable to understand the values and priorities of academic institutions and administrators. The author offers some suggestions on how sociology can eliminate these deficiencies. {\textcopyright} Springer Science + Business Media
 which suggest fixation probabilities are independent of geography
 parenting competence
 the overall network efficiency is shown to increase. In addition
 we propose a multiset descriptor mechanism with compiler support to reduce the context switch overheads associated with the use of registers. The experiments were done with the microkernel system called pCore which has an efficient and tiny design that prunes its code size down under 11 Kbytes. Experimental results show that our multiset context-switching mechanism may reduce the context switch overhead up to 30{\%}. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 LLC."
 by contrast
 was evaluated with an ethnically diverse sample of preschoolers. The study relied on confirmatory factor analysis of a parent-completed measure of coping to test the 3-factor model underlying the theory
 based on the goodness of individual actions. However
 semi-structured interviews were conducted on 66 wisdom nominees who agreed to participate. Analysis of these interview transcripts yielded 220 wisdom incidents. It was found that wisdom incidents with core components made explicit received higher wisdom ratings than the same incidents without making the three core components explicit. The present findings suggest that wisdom could be defined more broadly
 middle class) students in preservice teacher education programs are not homogeneous. The significance of this difference is highlighted through the concept of heterogeneity. We define heterogeneity as the differences that exist among traditional students in preservice teacher preparation programs. Our research suggests that heterogeneity is complicit in the progress or lack of progress of preservice teachers developing professional identities. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 the media and London's politicians. {\textcopyright} Journal Compilation {\textcopyright} 2008 Joint Editors and Blackwell Publishing Ltd."
 and writing about shared literature with 24 preservice teachers for 10 weeks. Scott
"Stickle
cited By 14
 of the optimized system. It is concluded that each user in the multiuser MISO system behaves like a single-user system with (n T - M + 1)-th order receiver diversity if there are M simultaneous users and n T antennas are employed at the base station. {\textcopyright} 2008 Springer Science+Business Media
 as they try to achieve the best performance within its own network. The optimizations are very often limited to a single layer and cooperation between networks is only happening through the use of gateways. In this paper
 and considered that drag-and-link made it easier to relocate information. They also considered that drag-and-link promoted more flexible and dynamic working and increased user enjoyment. An assessment of the quality of their work showed a trend that favoured drag-and-link over the other two methods
cited By 11
 public dialogue and collective inquiry. Foremost amongst these was a lack of preparation and willingness on the part of school leaders to respond to specific challenges put forward from some stakeholder groups
 users' needs have to be considered before designing the digital library interface
 L C and Visser
 as well as data collected through interviews with employment service providers and other key informants
 we prove that no polynomial-time algorithm can achieve a better constant
 and analyze the theoretical performance of team formation in two simple classes of networks (ring and star topologies). We then give empirical results for team formation in more complex networks under a variety of conditions. From these experiments
 including well-defined specifications
 growth
 H. (1995). In S. F. Savitt (Ed.)
 and symbiotic approach to physical theory. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 LLC."
 and potential for diversity of voices. But over time
 LLC."
 the maximum number of parallel transmissions within a frame interval is formulated as an optimization problem. This optimal decision is based on the distance parameter between a transmitter-receiver pair
 engagement
 as highlighted in the classroom activity. From the process of modelling certain theorisations emerge
 ambiguous
 'bad mother'
 provided a big challenge and was thought provoking; (d) Of the different aspects of nature of science suggested by experts
 visual anthropology has been transformed from its neglected and marginalized presence to an established and respected subdiscipline of sociocultural anthropology. As one of only two peer-reviewed journals in the field
 while at a low SNR of CSI feedback
 prescriptive
 as she defined it
 attitudes about HIV/AIDS and homosexuality
 historical
 and present constraints on the use of time. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2007."
 education
 a TOPSIS-based survey is designed using comparison to effectively respond to MIS outsourcing demand scores for each item. Furthermore
 while women have been contained within domestic and familial roles. This paper seeks to complicate such a dichotomous construction by drawing upon the narratives of 26 Irish nurses who migrated to Britain in the postwar period. The women in this study present themselves as economic actors who made the pragmatic decision to migrate to Britain. Nonetheless
cited By 23
 individual adult education organisations manage their spaces and programs in such a way that excludes some people from social and economic activity crucial to the development of individual and community social capital. Adult learning policies
 61 young people around 20 years old were interviewed. Pierre Bourdieu's notions of social and cultural capital are applied in the reading of young people's life histories. Also their sense of agency and strategies of coping are examined. Bourdieu's theory of capitals has been developed further in the context of youth studies. In the article I introduce the notion of subcultural social capital
 it is argued
"{De Goede}
 school
 we introduce the Dynamic Skip List (DSL)
 K and Sheriff
 named the WiMAX partial sharing scheme (WPSS)
 CLEF and NTCIR. The evaluation tasks and issues
 for example
 their colleagues
cited By 1
 we propose a resource-aware multicast tree construction algorithm which exploits the multiple link-layer rates
 as these separate threads tend to put pressure on the same architectural resources
 so the outage capacity of channel with interleaving is much better than the capacity without interleaving. If using different interleaver in retransmission
 both serving poor
 in order to characterize the semantics of plurals
 political
 can enhance the performance in the selection strategy. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
"Sevastyanov
"Cobern
 the key mechanisms in Multi-Radio Resource Management (MRRM)
 role characterizations
 A"
 since their work also contains the idea of value pluralism
 we find that welfare state generosity exerts a positive and significant impact on life-satisfaction and happiness. We discuss implications for further research generated by these findings. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2008."
 and political factors that shape individuals' thinking about equity and diversity. I argue that by analyzing these underlying factors in teacher education courses
500 according to the 2005 estimate)
 Inc. 2007."
 and the other is how to construct appropriate language models efficiently for this special task. For the first issue
 at a cultural level clear boundaries exist between family and friendship ties. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2008 IARR."
 the game exemplifies how cell phones strengthen users' connections to physical space
 and we test them using a publicly available database of iris images. We show that it is possible to compress iris images to as little as 2000 bytes with minimal impact on recognition performance. Only some 2{\%} to 3{\%} of the bits in the IrisCode templates are changed by such severe image compression
 C and Bhaskar
 visualization parameters
 in relation to the negotiation of subjectivity and representation
"Bhaskar
"{Van Dam-Mieras}
 create a relaxed learning atmosphere and help students think positively through Nasreddin Hodja's humour. The anecdotes
 another by adjunction
cited By 8
 and business settings and often assumed in youth development settings
 partitivity
 LLC."
 information
 as well as the needs for security of the biomedical community. AMGA therefore tightly integrates fine grained access control making use of a virtual organisation management system. In addition
 where a server at the root node repeatedly broadcasts copies of various programs. The time intervals between successive broadcasts of each program can be increased at subsequent nodes
 we provide the exact analytical analysis. However
 Ghana is more urbanized than Kenya and has a larger indigenous urban imprint and a more widely dispersed urban pattern. Besides their physiographic and population conditions
cited By 6
 such as network intrusion. {\textcopyright} Springer Science + Business Media
 1998a; Natural Language Semantics 6: 339-405
 we focus on the known symbol padding (KSP) transmission scheme. In this scheme known padded sequences can be exploited for synchronization as well as for channel estimation. However
 reveals how these pious Islamic practices enact class and gender difference
 make use of a diverse range of concepts
 joy and sadness) which are systematically differentiated into a diversity of more complex emotions during emotional development. The classification distinguishes between basic and non-basic emotions and our multi-factorial account considers cognitive
 insofar as their medium will permit
 2003
 Bidens lineariloba was observed to exist in all the three practices. Community representatives during focus group discussions indicated 9 weed species out of 63 identified to have beneficial uses. These species are Cleome hirta
 with fewer domestic anti-war resources on-line
 heavier consumption of Blacks' overrepresentation as criminals on local television news was positively related to the perception of Blacks as violent. The theoretical implications of these findings are discussed in light of chronic activation and accessibility of stereotypical constructs. {\textcopyright} 2008 International Communication Association."
 as the posited correct form of spectatorship
 new pull-based
 A"
 1994)
 this study employed a mixed-method approach to examine the amount and content of sex-related communication boys received from their parents
 i.e. is at most O(log∈(W/w i )) where W= $\sigma$ i$\epsilon$Tw i. The best previously known algorithm for this task runs in time O(n 2). We also give the first efficient data structure for maintaining hotlinks when nodes are added
 including the equations of incompressible flow
cited By 40
 their multilingualism in English
 J D"
 design a scheduling algorithm that is computationally efficient and optimal in the class of seek-optimizing algorithms. Comprehensive experimental studies demonstrate that the proposed algorithm outperforms other disk schedulers under all loads
 a goal requiring load balancing among multiple cells. For this purpose
 called the PicoCricket
 the domination of quantitative sociologists in teaching methods and writing methods text books
 Inc."
 challenge
 including curriculum materials and teacher workshops
 under the high-resolution quantization hypothesis
 and past research has found associations between relational aggression and anxiety
 one of the largest online databases of wireless router information. The second is an original wireless survey of portions of three census tracts in Chicago
 younger users are more likely to use mobile phones for getting news and entertainment. Implications for the industry and recommendations for future research are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
cited By 26
 to extend the meaning of a written text Handsettlng metal type necessarily focuses one's attention on the specificity of written language as a sequence of discrete letters. Each has properties of size
 the study considers how the structures of television news communicatively and differentially embed 'democracy'. COPYRIGHT {\textcopyright} SAGE PUBLICATIONS 2008."
cited By 3
 finding alternative narratives
 tight control is not needed at every link in the chain of command. Rather
 how they have been challenged and redefined
 overload
 deliberative media content can also serve to procure and withdraw legitimation with respect to political decisions and the polity as a whole. In the second part of the article
cited By 59
 religious
 influencing decision-making regarding labor event outcomes. A proposition is developed that integrates network analysis into a power structure framework. Finally
 based on cross-media relevance feedback that can be seen as a multigraph-based query regularization method with alternating steps. The combination allowed to improve both mono-media systems by more than 50{\%} (relative). Finally
 which produces the distinctive clusters or layers for representing different components of the information being detected. In trimulus color systems
 we observe that we can increase coverage without substantially decreasing precision."
 etc. Moreover
 show that they are presenting Americans with pro-Bush administration
 features representing energy
 and usually taken-for-granted structures
 and the consequences that flow from it. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 we might instead be nostalgic for the diversity
 but sought to develop the elements for a specifically African-centred application. The paper presents the development of particular criteria and indicators that constitute a home-grown and relatively legitimated system which can serve diverse purposes within African countries—and perhaps more widely as well. {\textcopyright} 2008 Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 theater
 for example
 we identify sub-areas in the accounting literature and we explore journal influence in these sub-areas. Our results clearly demonstrate the importance of distinguishing between overall and sub-area influence. In addition
 we allude to the communalities and intricacies in the existing understanding of sex and gender in the sport workplace. Further
 education
 and other related fields help to illuminate the condition of photography
cited By 11
 a method that applies sharing to the overlapping demes of a spatially-structured population. The combination of these two methods succeeds in maintaining multiple solutions in problems that have previously proved difficult for sharing alone (and vice-versa). {\textcopyright} 2008 Science Press
cited By 15
"Beyne
 and other media to develop critical thinking skills while acquiring knowledge of required content strands (Ignite Learning 2003). Teacher and student activities
cited By 3
 passivity and otherness. As on-lookers of a professional woman in politics caught in a pressing situation in a photograph
 mentoring
 is used to illustrate how the different explanation types complement each other in increasing comprehension of the phenomenon. This framework underlies our argument that explanatory pluralism can be used to broaden research perspectives and increase scientific comprehension of IS phenomena above and beyond the methodological and ontological pluralism currently in use in IS research. {\textcopyright} 2008 Blackwell Publishing Ltd."
 this study employs qualitative research methods
 the more favorably Chinese American youth perceived that others view their group (public regard)
 Chinese American)
 with data collected on four indicators: journal cross citation
 and psychosocial patterns related to social injustice and inequality. Collins presents several popular culture
 and can encompass a diversity of media resources and metadata. This flexibility has an impact on the level of interoperability between systems and applications
 in criminal procedure
 the presence
 transmission rate selection
 MULTIFIT CSM. Furthermore
 diversity-aware routing protocols are pro- posed to determine the routing path and the relaying topology. Simulations results show significant performance gains of the proposed cooperative relaying schemes. {\textcopyright} Copyright 2008 ICST."
 enables students to approach problems from different points of view and actively handle the themes in a ""scientific"" manner. Students explore new ways of learning and prepare themselves for more decentralised learning and working arrangements. Also efficiency of meeting some of the learning objectives is being raised in electronic media by using diverse instructional strategies. Thus
 capture orientation
 multi-part
000 enrolled students. How exactly does this everyday teaching look
 the HGA is used to tackle the neural network (NN) topology as well as the fuzzy logic controller for the dynamic CUs allocation scheme in wireless access networks. Therefore
cited By 11
cited By 1
 B and Yan
 chronology
 and analysis of student work indicated that the program helped facilitate writing-intensive
 conviction and ambivalence
 in the sense that the medium access control (MAC) and routing functions are partially executed in the physical (PHY) layer. Our proposed method is called OLA with a transmission threshold (OLA-T)
 identifying a common agenda and a consistent stance in all her diverse writings. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2008 by Prooftexts Ltd."
 and trains. Our diverse student population therefore continues to present opportunities for us to explore new approaches to meeting their learning needs while taking account of their often hectic lifestyles. Students are increasingly involved in work-based and practical learning activities rather than traditional classroom-based taught classes. As the face and pace of technology continues to change
 the magazine reflected an emphasis on teaching the ideals of press freedom and acceptance of diverse points of view. By 1950
 Council on Social Work Education
 among several others
 the creation of very hard
 the affordances
cited By 9
cited By 1
 technical animator
cited By 146
 it is not robust to represent the information entropy between two modalities in UGC data. In this paper
 how to define and explain the discovered communities is also significant in many practical scenarios. In this paper
 we offer a definition and empirical evidence for the claim that ""tags are not metadata
cited By 2
cited By 5
 namely content. We propose to apply the field of content analysis to the process of social network analysis. By extracting relevant and cohesive sub-networks from massive graphs
"Cardon
 and Swedish-language television channel put at the service of this relatively small population provides an ideal test case for how extensive media supply interacts with linguistic vitality. The role of minority media has been rapidly and significantly changing over the past decades due to the fragmentation of media spaces and diversification of media reception. With the complexity of hybrid identities
 Web sites
 while still addressing the requirements of a specific medium? Several possible approaches will be offered in the conclusion of this paper and are used to inform further discussion on pedagogic approaches for convergent media."
cited By 140
 and empirical investigation. First
 2) classify and characterize the faces into clusters containing all the different views of the faces
 convenience and privacy. Second
 and through that content on access to and diversity of content."
 V and Narayanan
"Bonnici
 or even millions of users create
 namely the reach and accessibility of the print media and the isolation of the Pakistani journalist from the international community. Finally
 which allows us to dramatically raise the probability of catching rare errors in large programs. Our approach is based on the cross-entropy method. We define a performance function
 making the most of list making
 whereas more heterogeneous personal networks tended to exhibit more plural definitions of belonging. The results show that both individual and network characteristics contribute to an understanding of ethnic self-identification."
 making use of phenomena that appear when changing from one tool to another. Goal is to avoid limitations that are existent by the solely employment of one media or method
 and mutual subsethood to the description of graphs. Our hypercube representation also provides a direct similarity metric between pairs of graphs
 enabling participants to concurrently explore and connect diverse result sets
"Rongtao
 we propose the MAC Layer Architecture (MLA)
 e.g. in the multinational companies."
cited By 11
 LLC 2007."
 the ACO algorithm combining information entropy is utilized to search an optimal threshold for texture segmentation of ancient coin images. Results of simulation demonstrate special efficiency and feasibility of this novel method. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 C and Riddell
 We generate an offline algorithm to generate the optimal transmission policy for the general case
cited By 4
 using a very compact description
"Anderson
 S and Xu
 in general
 frequency of contact
cited By 0
"Kogan
 1998)
 which also makes it hard for the reader to orient herself in the crossfire of messages and gives little advice upon how to solve the problem of overweight. {\textcopyright} Walter de Gruyter."
 in a timely manner
cited By 23
 computing power and so on. In this paper
 while the word topical mixture model (WTMM) for concept matching. On the other hand
cited By 1
 and propose a local metric named expected one-hop throughput (EOT) to balance the benefit and cost. We also identify an upper bound of EOT and its concavity
 fuzzy extension principle is used to find membership function of the objective function and then it's Graded Mean Integration Value (GMIV) for different optimistic levels are taken as equivalent stochastic objectives. Then the stochastic model is transformed to a constraint multi-objective programming problem using Stochastic Non-linear Programming (SNLP) technique. The multi-objective problems are transferred to single objective problems using Interactive Fuzzy Satisfising (IFS) technique. Finally
 some proponents of diversity
cited By 0
 that is
 Y.-C. and Varodayan
 the Internet
 discourse analysis and pragmatics
 by means of a program converting the environmental data into dynamic diagrams
cited By 11
 in everyday life. I find that some women's responses are in line with normative femininity and appearance norms. Others
"Mason
 our conceptual understanding of neighbourhood has to be adjusted from one representing a relatively homogenous residential urban space to one that incorporates a diverse range of urban functions. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 and belonging in a modern
cited By 2
 and argues that they also lead to neglecting the existence of diverse
 LLC 2007."
 as represented in male/female pairs
"Erhard
 LLC."
 and what modes of support they prefered are some of the major issues addressed in this study. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2007
 offering distinct strategies for progressive political and social transformation. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
cited By 0
 obsolesces traditional television viewing
cited By 1
cited By 4
 and sources used in theatre research
 message boards
 C"
 A and Moniaci
 and inter-workings. One key to this is to more fully understand the ways in which individuals can behave within an online community. Towards this end
 the Space-Time OPPM codes)
 Y"
 this structural result is used to design two computationally efficient algorithms
 and cultural effects. The exposure of these Maghrebi TV viewers to ""national
 there were 44 Latin American journals covered by the Science Citation Index
 a multitude of databases and collections now contain documents in various formats
cited By 4
cited By 10
 email
 thus providing a declarative framework in which the ranked results returned by individual subtasks are combined under appropriate semantics. We also present a novel order distance function
 K is 0 and 10
 copies of a given frame are combined together in an attempt to recover the frame without retransmission. The second technique is a low-overhead retransmission scheme called request-for-acknowledgment (RFA)
 explore some contextually specific forms of democratic practice which emerged through the interaction of proportional representation and ward representation over time. The election of councillors as such does not resolve a series of dilemmas concerning how to institutionalise democratic representation within a racially diverse
 LLC."
 and policy consider SA a critical aspect of the success of their organizations. Given this prominence
 e.g. video. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 the form of protest of these diverse segments of Indonesian Muslims was shaped by their ideological frameworks and political agendas. The ""mainstream"" of Indonesia's increasingly radical ""moderate"" Muslim community
 named asymmetric multileveled symbiotic evolutionary algorithm (AMSEA)
 a general conceptual model to describe any number of practices in learning and teaching online is built. It will be used to customize online learning environments to cater for various different learning demands. The services to support the individual's knowledge construction are identified based on the relevant theoretical background. After that
 UI should autonomously adapt to the working environment without annoying the user. Therefore
 economics plays a key role in attempts to get closer to a sustainable society. Mainstream neoclassical economics is not enough. The tendency to exclusively rely on this particular theory is considered part of the problems faced. A 'sustainability economics' more in line with dominant ideas of democracy is proposed
 as locations for asylum-seeker settlement
 and the effect of using automatic speech recognition (ASR) output and automatic sentence boundary detection. Our experiments on a Mandarin broadcast news speech corpus show that the three-way classification framework outperforms the binary classification. The entropy-based feature weighting method generally performs better than others. Using ASR output degrades system performance
 S and Onoe
 S.-H. and Chu
 although the results from the research perspective have been interesting
 which serves as an important informative step for the coding performance of SVC. A novel update-step algorithm
 was performed. A term that keeps at a minimum the tumour levels throughout the course of treatment was found to produce more regular treatments
cited By 45
 convergence
 we are developing a multicriteria decision analysis tool for spatial decision making in the web GIS environment. The developed system has been demonstrated for biodiversity conservation and priorities. An attempt has been made to generate the alternative decisions based on priority vectors. The multicriteria technique of Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) is used to derive the eigen vectors with the given multiple constraints of conflicting criteria and aims at selecting optimal alternative from the available sets. However
 in an ASIC using a 0.18 $\mu$m
 Director of The Stuckeman Center for Design Computing
 and also the impact of key parameters in differentiating the diverse requirements. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
cited By 0
 we use receivers exploiting the instantaneous knowledge of the interference at the terminal side. A score-based scheduler
cited By 1
 that further enhance performance in terms of BER and throughput. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
 multiuser spatial multiplexing and multiuser diversity are employed in each frequency channel to improve system performance. The key ideas of MAC-OMA/MM can be summarized as follows. By utilizing ATIM (Ad-hoc Traffic Indication Message) windows as in IEEE 802.11 power saving mechanism (PSM) under the distributed coordinate function (DCF) mode
 full-body movement
 spatial multiplexing and interference reduction. Next
 demonstrating the performance improvement achievable. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 an expected market size of approximately {\$}2b by 2012 at a compound annual growth rate of 41.9{\%}
 if the potential of DVD and the internet is to be maximized. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2007 Sage Publications."
 and the diversity gain provided by the cooperative transmissions. Our simulation results indicate that the network lifetime with cooperative transmissions is on the average 50{\%} more than the lifetime with traditional transmissions. We also show that cooperative transmissions provide the maximum benefit in medium density networks and the lifetime increases when the network gets more clustered. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 challenges are identified that define impediments to the federation of software patterns into an interconnected body of knowledge. A Semantic Web ontology is presented as an initial attempt at solving some of these issues through the use of Web-based ontologies. {\textcopyright} 2007 Copyright is held by the authors."
cited By 1
cited By 2
 and the tradeoffs of the node collaboration and its associated cost
 n=12); (2) ""positive emotion drinking"" (drinking in combination with positive mood
 S A"
cited By 0
 we propose a congestion aware routing protocol
 receiver) set and the link-layer rate of each individual transmission. We then present and study four alternative heuristic strategies for computing a broadcast tree that not only factors in a flow's traffic rate but also exploits the wireless broadcast advantage (WBA). Finally
 which we term ""elementary cell."" Our analysis is considering several cross-layer parameters at the physical and medium access control (MAC) layers
 resources
 we study the computational complexity in finding the optimal schedule for a mesh network with time-division-duplexing (TDD) operations. We propose a novel heuristic distributed scheduling framework for wireless mesh networks with open definitions of utility function. Performance analysis shows that our proposed framework is of polynomial-time complexity. Simulation results compare our framework with the tree-structural approach
 the proposed scheme still has up to 3 dB improvement in performance as compared to the random routing. When having 1-bit such feedback
 in order to identify gender differences in the sources used. It argues that
 new models of implementation
 an anthropological framework based on the Grid and Group cultural theory of Mary Douglas is put forward as a more viable framework for understanding this issue in more depth. This framework identifies four cultural cosmologies-hierarchism
 Inc."
 and use of integrated groupware solutions with privileges for both clients and vendors. A 'trust curve' model is proposed to show the trust building process taking visibility factors as determinants of trust. {\textcopyright} 2007 Anuradha Mathrani
 medium of instruction
cited By 10
 is the diversity due to the shared medium of propagation. When in a network one node transmits to the other node
 the composition of renewables is changing towards ""modem"" renewables for electricity
 the fading exposed and fading hidden terminal problems. Testbed measurements indicate that these multipath fading effects are statistically uncorrelated across different frequency channels. The presence of such multiple independent channels provides an additional degree of freedom to mitigate the negative impact of multipath fading. We exploit this multi channel diversity to design SIX
 packet advancement and transmission reliability) and the cost (i.e.
 were legislated into existence
 smallest autonomous service units
 there was not sufficient ground elevations data to use. Therefore
 and then candidate shots are selected according to one of the anchorperson attribute. Second
cited By 0
 he was sent by Roebling to perform inspection of and repairs to Allegheny Suspension Bridge. In 1885
 and personal interviews with federal agency leaders
 and over 100 classifiers are built subsequently and fused to produce a generic detector. The extensive experiments on a total of 310 hours of TRECVID news videos show that the proposed framework yields significantly improved performance over that of the best single feature across a variety of concepts. Moreover
 with performance comparisons obtained via ROC curves. We achieve over 70{\%} detection rate for 10{\%} false positive rate on our corpus of over 7.5 hours of data collected from news
 once all information has been accounted for. The goal of the market maker is to quote prices which best reflect the fair market value of the financial instrument. The simulation developed for this project was designed to accurately account for these behaviors. This project sought to fulfill the need of the Susquehanna International Group of Companies (SIG) for a recruitment tool that can be distributed in large numbers at employment venues such as career fairs. The recruitment tool is essentially an informational CD-ROM that includes a home page
 reveal varied support for our hypotheses
cited By 3
 often comprise of a set of loose clusters(a.k.a communities)
 which may also adversely affect the retrieval process. This paper describes a research project aiming to verify the existing relations between two indexing approaches: traditional image indexing recommending the use of controlled vocabularies or free image indexing using uncontrolled vocabulary
 and media use differences between the groups. Results also suggest that political discussion with friends and family did not moderate the movie's effect
 and training
 the epistemic dimension of deliberation should be cast in terms of error avoidance rather than ""truth tracking."" Error avoidance is best achieved through the availability of the full range of social perspectives. On empirical and normative grounds
 and how they draw on it in their teaching and learning
cited By 40
 suggest that successful public goods provision in homogenous ethnic communities can be attributed to a strategy selection mechanism: in similar settings
 including the reconceptualisation of where responsibility for juvenile offending lies in the modern era. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 and in-depth interviews with a sample of 22 of these women
 J"
cited By 5
 LLC."
 school staff
cited By 15
 LLC."
 and evaluated peer and maternal social support as protective factors among victims
 radio
 diversity and time-sensitivity are used to perform the comparison. Another contribution of this paper is that we introduce a novel scheme to compare multiple news search systems in a combined measure that takes both relevance and time-sensitivity of retrieved information into consideration. Copyright 2007 ACM."
 and are able to elicit feedback from stakeholders without having to commit too early in the process. The approach encourages collaboration among a diverse group of stakeholders throughout the design process. For example
 blog and tagging search results is introduced. The presented solution makes it possible to visualize relationships between the different data sources
 weavings
 W"
 multi-user
"Kuicheu
 government
 to model supported processes and data as well as to negotiate the exact conditions of an electronic business relationship. The resulting approach can thus be considered as hybrid regarding the degree of centralism involved and with respect to the combination of the Web services stack and the ebXML standard as an infrastructural foundation. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 focusing on the ways the housing providers see the material
 figures and over 50 sources in the research bibliography that were selected from a review and analysis of 100 documents. Findings The paper discovered instructional technology and intercultural educators employed web-learning technologies in very similar ways to position critical ICE strategies into programs or courses in teacher education. The learning technologies models that were attempting to support multicultural education (MCE)-ICE and IT education included corporate
 Xanga
 brings a host of diverse realities into public awareness and generates alternative nodal centres to distribute these voices and images. The programme is already shaping different possibilities and allowing them to emerge as viable alternatives for community empowerment. {\textcopyright} Oxford University Press and Community Development Journal. 2007 All rights reserved."
"Park
 rests on a stark division between journalists and their audiences. The news story of the French riots was very much a new-media product in that it was created by professionals and non-professionals. In Bourdieu's vocabulary
 rather than in terms of informational goals."
 irrespective of the depth or intensity of maritime linkages with Southeast Asia
 a new approach to JPEG compression technique is proposed that enhanced the compression performances in comparison with aforesaid JPEG techniques. The new technique considers both Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) and Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) method in the transform and reconstruction sides instead of using DCT only. The incorporation of SVD with nearest neighborhood approach has improved the compression performances significantly. A rigorous comparison of the various compression indices are made to validate the proposed algorithm. This approach is named as 'Hybrid JPEG' (HJPEG) in this paper. The benchmark still image 'LENA' is used for performance comparison."
 advanced liberalism and good housekeeping magazine. In A. Petersen {\&} Bunton R. (Eds.) Foucault
 the experimental design methods are most likely to match or beat a random sample baseline. The heuristic alternatives produced mixed results
cited By 6
 S R"
 drawing in audiences and adherents and attracting media attention. It simplifies and enhances communication
 the Strait of Gibraltar itself has lost much of its importance as a crossing point. Fourth large-scale smuggling to the Canary Islands directly from West Africa is still marginal in numerical terms
 Inc."
 one each from a perpetrator
 LLC."
 while maintaining the full diversity gain. {\textcopyright} 2006 Springer Science+Business Media
 individual faculty in higher education need a dynamic and inclusive model to help them engage in a systematic and continuous process of exploring and testing various teaching and assessment practices to ensure the learning of their students. This paper introduces a model-Teaching-for-Learning (TFL)-developed to meet this need. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 we examine interactions that reveal the mobilization of pagans' concern with authenticity in the context of late-capitalism
 and the interaction is via a high-level messaging service. Typically
 and outperforms separate scalar channel estimation case. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 Australian accountability systems are lacking in judgements on teaching practice in individual classrooms
 the Rule Sets ENsemble (RSEN) algorithm
 we propose to use One-Class Support Vector Machine (SVM) to learn the user's interest and refine the returned result. Performance is evaluated on a large image database and the effectiveness of our retrieval algorithm is demonstrated through comparative studies. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 can interact
cited By 8
 even though this transition is increasingly prolonged in all three countries. The earlier transition in the United States is mostly due to the concentration of education in traditional school ages
cited By 18
 the inconsistency in biological databases is a key issue for data integration. This paper proposes a framework to detect the inconsistency in biological databases using ontologies. A numeric estimate is provided to measure the inconsistency and identify those biological databases that are appropriate for further mining applications. This aids in enhancing the quality of databases and guaranteeing accurate and efficient mining of biological databases. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 8
 degrades at the cell borders where the inter-cell interference dominates rather than MAI. Dual antenna reception is a straight-forward solution to mitigate that performance drop. In this paper
 spatial focusing
 rank
 we consider orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) with MIMO. We propose a selection algorithm that maximizes the average output SINR over all subcarriers. A method to quantify selection gain in frequency selective channel is discussed. The effect of delay spread on the selection gain is studied by simulating practical fading environments with different delay spreads. The effect of the variable signal constellation sizes and the number of transmitted streams on the bit error rate (BER) performance of the proposed system is also investigated in conjunction with the transmit antenna selection. Simulation results show that for low to moderate interference power
 and reward it? What are some avenues for disseminating student research? How do we train students to document their work
 and media/content-to-person
 conventional ""TV watching"" is a passive way of accessing information. In order to search
 Emerald Group Publishing Limited"
 we describe Dominion - a cross-layer architecture that includes both medium access control and routing. At the MAC layer
 we advocate that routing be made aware of network coding opportunities rather than
 we derive the close form of the system outage probability of NCC as a function of signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). The analytical and numerical results show that by requiring less bandwidth cost
 they can bring several folds improvement to heterogeneous smart antenna networks. We then present several key properties pertaining to node cooperation in HSANs. In the process
 analysing key reforms introduced by the Berlusconi government and the implications of these laws for Italian democracy."
"Buscemi
 network visualization techniques in particular
 we propose an efficient scheme for using image examples as driving a powerful regularization
 but well posed. In fact
 is likely to have the ironic effect of psychic homogenization. {\textcopyright} Springer Science + Business Media
"Tong
 the dominance of state churches gave rise to the eventual rejection of these churches and religions when the traditional political and social authorities were rejected
 they are a part of but also apart from the American mainstream culture. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 each carried over data extracted from molecular dynamics (MD) simulations
cited By 11
 S and Thissen
 with relationships between friends at its centre and offers a representation of young people that includes personal agency
 search for a ""national idea
 LLC."
 birth
 with increase in diversity
 and one with monocular images. Both approaches rely on a robust interest point matching algorithm that works in very diverse environments. The stereovision based approach is a classic SLAM implementation
 including the case of random initial values. Significant similarities or diversities between computational and theoretical results are pointed out
 according to Kuhn
 standardisation
 used to describe how to interact with the service. OWL-S can be used to automate a variety of service-related activities involving service discovery
 is devised to provide multi-class traffic with quality of service guarantees while increase channel utilization as much as possible. An analysis is used to study the performance of the restricted sharing scheme. Three classes are considered in numerical results. Numerical results show that the restricted sharing scheme guarantees quality of service and achieves high channel utilization. {\textcopyright} 2006 Springer Science+Business Media
 while the channel inversion with fixed rate policy is the best policy for the MRC diversity case. Constant transmit power policy provides the lowest spectral efficiency as compared to the other policies with and without diversity. {\textcopyright} 2006 Springer Science+Business Media
 the nature of the institutions investigated or the questionnaires used. The operationalisation of both teaching and research is limited. Student learning or the way research is integrated into teaching are virtually absent and the measurement of research is mostly confined to the quantity of the research output. This calls for a more systematic research agenda in which student learning is investigated along with more fine grained measures of teaching and in which the relation of these two indicators and the research proficiency of faculty are looked at. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2007."
 I"
 malleability is shown to provide up to a 15{\%} speedup over component migration alone on a dynamic cluster environment. This work is part of an ongoing research effort to enable applications to be highly reconfigurable and autonomously modifiable by middleware in order to efficiently utilize distributed environments. Grid computing environments are becoming increasingly heterogeneous and dynamic
 the implementation and concurrent realist evaluation of a supplier diversity initiative modelled on NMSDC
 the close interaction between topology control and routing selection affects the system throughput of a wireless network. This paper proposes a novel joint topology control and routing (JTCR) protocol for a multiradio multichannel wireless mesh network to exploit both channel diversity and spatial reusability. It resides between medium access control and the network layer and aims to improve the network throughput by coordinating transmission power
 it follows the much more restricted definition of Corbin (1992)
 and neighborhood activists
 unlike in prior cohorts
 respectively. Tests carried out in the ns-2 environment have permitted to evaluate quality of service issues and the cross-layer impact on the transport layer due to EDCA parameters. The interest is here on the selection of the contention window sizes for different IEEE 802.1Ie access classes in order to guarantee a good performance for both TCP-based and UDP-based traffic flows. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 and theatre studies have together contributed to the understanding of this emergent medium and its phenomenon as a learning tool. The unsatisfying experience of directly adopting game formats into educational contexts has motivated researchers to study successful (commercial) digital games
 or more generally help complete a task like a supply chain exception. We focus on the problem of routing communications to the most effective agent using a spectrum of contextual knowledge: availability
 for various target outage probabilities. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 thereby decreasing the transmission time for the traffic being handled. Extensive simulations in a large scale wireless adhoc network (150 stations) show that CoopMAC significantly improves the ad hoc network performance in terms of throughput and delay
"Ajmera
 namely
 C and Wee
 especially CLD ones. It also provides resources and ideas on how to use technology to support CLD students learning. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2007 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd."
"Ahmed
"Einhaus
 relocalized in a plurality of online and offline social spaces. It is thus argued that network relationships are reshaped and mobilized through reconfigurations of co-presence
 they accentuate
 (ii) faster convergence speed compared to other information theory-based measures used for non-rigid registration in literature
 determining whether the boundary or medial axis is more efficient. Along the way we construct explicit near-optimal boundary-based approximations for compact classes of shapes
 with constraints measured based on frequency counts
 experts
 M"
 as expected
"Dori
cited By 9
 and instruments to measure career outcomes are made. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
 which is targeted for real-time multimedia flows. In this polling-based scheme
 this article focuses on strategies faculty members can develop to meet these pressing demands. Specifically
 the authors review the literature to present the main tenets of gay affirmative practice
 catchments and no-go areas. Such policies are likely to be counter productive
 national identity
 LLC."
 a smooth convex penalty function (l 2 norm) is introduced in the objective function of a minimax problem. A stabilized column generation technique is used to transform the optimization problem into a simple linear programming problem. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is demonstrated through experiments on many diverse datasets. {\textcopyright} 2007 Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 4
 1998)
 (b) structured interviews with the teachers
 the compilation procedure becomes inefficient for a computational grid with an increasing number of heterogeneous computational service providers. On the other hand
 linear light attenuation models have been commonly used
 public authorities began to see the multiplicity of smaller and medium-sized mosques in French cities as illustrative of the emergence of a so-called 'neighbourhood Islam'
 coarse-grained channel regulation
 qualitative data from an urban area in the North East of England we explore the focus group narratives of young Pakistani-British Muslim women and men focusing on the notion of 'shifting' gendered and cultural identities and social practices
 this article expands existing work in the field of environmental justice to include American Indian issues and concerns. {\textcopyright} 2007 Alpha Kappa Delta."
 and representative of
cited By 2
 girls were more likely than boys to have cross-ethnic friends. With regard to friendship stability
cited By 26
 while Tamil cultural scripts tend towards centralisation
 which ensures a flexible and technically sound predictive modelling framework. Unlike previous generative topographic modelling approaches for discrete data
 has practical implications for pastoral care and counseling ministry. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 worldview
 scheme (i) is the most favorable out of all the schemes. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 sometimes reduce collective action to a set of individually instrumental actions. They do not
 in responding to the diversifying educational needs through active participation and initiatives for innovation; and thirdly
 credit vetting and litigation assessment. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 based on explicitly foregrounding experimental qualities. Undersound attempts to speak to the contrast between media
 namely
 only direct effects were found for both types of problem behavior
 Cambodian
 and the facility for customising the components for reuse in similar domains is explained. The framework builds on the JADE-LEAP platform
 are independent of the mode used and are dependent on deployment scenarios
 and sometimes even degrade the system performance with multiple users. It has been shown that in a multiuser setting
 Colorado
 and the conceptual profile model. An important element in this position is the proposal that understanding is the proper goal of science education. Our commitment to this proposal is explained in terms of a defense of an ethics of coexistence for dealing with cultural differences
 determiners
 children
 and self-regulation in problem-based pedagogies. The second is the idea of making thinking and mind visible through dialogue and inquiry. The third theme is the use of learning environments beyond the boundaries of the classroom to enhance problem-based thinking. Finally
 E and Adve
 from the previous generation and its dual individual are retrieved as the bases to create immigrants via traditional mutation scheme. These elitism-based and dualism-based immigrants together with some random immigrants are substituted into the current population
 which try to provide a central access point for simpler access and discovery of new content from a large number of diverse RSS sources. In this paper
 responding to network diversification rapidly and controlling overflow and underflow of buffer effectively. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
 through an analysis of the full range of parameters measuring cultural diversity
 has been further distinguished by the direction of ties and levels of formality
"Benatti
 Math. Comput. 52
 and coordinated visualizations across a spectrum of perspectives in terms of people
cited By 3
cited By 8
 model of propaganda versus free speech and political repression versus democracy or those anticipating the emergence of a more or less Habermasian ""public sphere."" Taking the example of mobile phone short messaging services (SMS)
 upward trend
"Tiesler
 LLC 2007."
 relationship satisfaction was significantly associated with retirement lifestyle planning
 of discourse aimed at criticizing
cited By 0
 and gradual liberalization. This rhetoric is aimed primarily at attracting foreign talent and retaining mobile Singaporean talent in a globally integrated economy that is increasingly dependent upon creativity and innovation."
cited By 8
 LLC 2007."
 the existing proposals require either a significant modification in the network structure and in base stations or a completely new architecture
 it is shown that ethnoarchaeology
 this conception had no resonance in the traditional cultures in which they had been reared
 we encounter a dilemma. In Europe
 the double ABCX family adaptation model has found to be an effective approach to serving diverse families of children with disabilities. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 and discuss several design considerations of the EARTH model and runtime system that contribute to the performance portability of parallel applications. We believe that these are important issues for future high end computing system software design. Four representative benchmarks were conducted on several different parallel architectures
 data analysis techniques can be used to differentiate between what an individual knows from what they do not. This paper presents two research projects that demonstrate the importance of awareness for the human-dimension of human-computer interaction (HCI) in designing effective online experiential learning for special education. {\textcopyright} Springer-Verlag 2007."
 because there are strong nonlinear interactions among the agents in the model. In fact
 we constructed a grid platform using Globus Toolkit that integrates the resources of five schools in Taichung integrated grid environment resources (TIGER). The resource broker runs on top of TIGER. Therefore
 they do not believe that the profession of counselling as a whole has a solid identity. Implications for the counselling profession in Canada are discussed. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 and the participating university professors. Implications of this case study point towards the need to mentor diverse educators in the early years. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 M"
 i.e.
 the students' personal journals
 this discourse underwent a second iteration when South Asian musicians in New York City created a dance night largely influenced by their transatlantic diasporic colleagues. The purpose of this study was to examine the tensions between ethnically categorizing this New York dance night and not doing so. Using ethnographic data gathered during three months of fieldwork in 2001 as well as through a web-based questionnaire
 we propose a channel-aware MD transcoding method to take advantage of MD coding and path diversity so as to further mitigate the error propagation due to packet loss caused by transient channel switching while roaming in wireless LANs. Experimental results show that the proposed scheme effectively mitigates the error propagation due to packet loss
 taking into account large numbers of learners but with little control about the kind of activities that were actually organized. Overall
 our work has considerable implications for what science teachers have to do in classrooms. In recent years
 Asian
 our design does not require any additional hardware. We perform extensive simulations to quantify the benefits of our approach using virtual MISO links. As compared to using only SISO links
 etc. These examples are categorized into 12 groups: Reversals in Assertives
 society and nation allows them to reproduce a sense of national identity. However
 A and Gopalan
 Lithuania
 the potential offered by consulting diverse online resources automatically. It also does not consider the pedagogic aspects of curriculum-oriented knowledge-based systems. Practical implications - The research suggests that
 geodesic
 and avoid estimation of joint and marginal probability densities governing the image intensities essential to conventional information theoretic image registration methods. {\textcopyright} Springer Science + Business Media
 with a high diversity of framing. Framing in parliament
 globalisation is about re-territorialisation as much as it is about de-territorialisation."
 the paper asserts that real-life events
cited By 19
 and other implications are considered. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 and a proposition I call the practical relevance principle. In contrast
cited By 64
 no matter how apparently non-political the activity
 vision
 and self-reported effectiveness of the orders. Results indicate that women
 and their infants. Results indicated that pregnant and parenting adolescent females were experiencing nonclinical levels of behavior problems on average and did not differ in their ratings of the variables examined in this study. In addition
 contradicts the universalist logic of the socialist and liberal left; the enthusiastic support for Israel by European socialist parties from 1948 until the 1970s was anomalous. Nevertheless
 and present findings that consider the ethnic dimensions of their samples. Although results reveal some diversity among journals
 statistical
 the national research reputation of the communication faculty
 they can be considered a vanguard. Starting with a broad outline of some essential earlier studies on young people's use of media in Europe and in the United States
cited By 11
 that 'publicness' is an essential characteristic of free and independent television
 and more rigid timing and budget constraints. {\textcopyright} 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
 crossover effects
 R"
 to suit the needs of his government. Yet
 particularly the role of parent training in the management of ADHD. Finally
 culture
cited By 14
 with none of the predictors being significant for the Asian group. Implications and suggestions for further research are discussed. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 3
 case-based reasoning systems and intelligent agents or robots (bots) that effectively mimic human interaction. The popularity of IM has increased considerably in recent years. No longer the province of chatty teenagers
 and by lifestyle stress. Our findings suggest that clinical interventions with parents should include a focus on strengthening reflective capacities with respect to caregiving experiences
 and (un)availability of collective readings). It is shown that these semantic restrictions can be explained by a uniform semantic constraint on the measure function
 I show how in dominant discourses on prison sex and sexual violence a blurring occurs between 'homosexuality' and 'male rape'. Consequently
 some of them contradictory
 information transmission and wireless communication that have been brought into the 'banal' performance of car driving are affecting not only the driving experience but the entire body-person. The first part reviews recent phenomenological approaches to the embodied car driver-road assemblage
 I propose an alternative framework that accounts for the phenomena that Quine intends to explain with his resemblance theory. The framework agrees with Quine's austere ontology; in particular
 the system can avoid the decrease of spectrum efficiency and data rate of conventional MC-CDMA with CP. By comparison
 a dexterity game
 as well as the extension of the analysis to partially loaded systems are given. The extensions of chip-level combining and low-complexity equalization of a partially loaded system to an OFDM system with 2-dimensional spreading are also presented. The results are relevant to antenna diversity as well as temporal diversity achieved though re-transmission within an ARQ scheme. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2007."
 sheltered from democratic debate and accountability - is characterised by debate by a plurality of actors. Such pluralism is limited to those actors who have the resources - including knowledge - that allow for inclusion in policy making at EU level
 the need of broadband wireless access is directly associated with the intense demand for IP multimedia services (e.g. video streaming or high speed web browsing)
 dynamic channel estimation is necessary before demodulation of UWB OFDM signals since the radio channel is time varying and frequency selective for wideband systems. The performance of the proposed method is statistically analyzed using LS and MMSE based channel estimation methods. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2007."
 a growing emphasis in government towards measurable service delivery targets and remedial action to redress the inequalities of our past makes the reliable measurement of people's quality of life in greater depth in quantitative terms an imperative. We have developed a simple framework to measure people's quality of life in key domains that extend beyond that simply of wealth
 Madhva's possession of special insight into the sacred canon is established in part by his unique claim to be an avatāra of the wind god Vāyu and a direct disciple of Visnu Himself in the form of Vyāsa1. Thus
 tailoring assessments to spedfic cultural groups; both approaches are theoretically and practically problematic. Several studies have focused on testing accommodations for English language learners (ELLs)
 income
 27-37] of this discussion points to the ways in which the teachers across the key discipline areas to which international students are attracted
 the topic of ubuntuism as normative media theory should be seen in the context of the African Renaissance as part of an intellectual quest to rediscover and re-establish idealized values of traditional African culture(s) and communities and to apply it to contemporary phenomena such as the media. However
 or by virtue of their social positions. This multidisciplinary analysis of gatekeeping reveals that information practices are immensely contextual and contingent on the social environment. It enables and substantiates a collectivist perspective of library and information science (LIS). Moreover
cited By 18
"Liu
cited By 36
 and the communities in which they lived. At the university
cited By 0
 as well as the use of GML for mobile devices and web services. GML is a modeling language developed by the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) as a medium of uniform geographic data storage and exchange among diverse applications. Many new XML-based languages are being developed as open standards in various areas of application. It would be beneficial to integrate such languages with GML during the developmental stages
 revealed that men
"Wissman
 relative scale and probability of detection are explicitly described in the model. Recognition takes place in two stages. First
 X and Hao
 there are unforeseen consequences. In this system
 San Francisco
 and Samoan families interact regarding a public middle school. Qualitative research methods (interviews and observations) involved parents
 and we reveal a pluralistic and dynamic field both within practice and theorising. {\textcopyright} Springer Science + Business Media B.V. 2007."
"Vishwanath
 London (United Kingdom)
 mutual references became more ecumenical once a common label had emerged and distinct intellectual programs were launched. Institutional legitimacy was quickly obtained thanks to the support of the Russell Sage Foundation
 reproduction is occurrence-based whereas deletion is support-based. In combination
 using synthetic data as well as real-world traffic workloads. {\textcopyright} 2007 ACM."
 a new MAC protocol that addresses both the issues in an integrated way. PMAC incorporates an efficient mechanism for neighbor discovery
 extension of the library's online newsletter; meeting student researchers on their own terms via efforts to engineer-through formal instruction and direct e-mail follow-up-a shift from Google to Google Scholar as a viable adjunct to the catalog and more traditional electronic resources; and portraying librarians as a more visible and accessible resource by introducing them into the students' learning environment through Blackboard courses. {\textcopyright} 2007 by The Haworth Press. All rights reserved."
 economically
 the entropy) necessary to learn the model. Then
 automatically performed division as novel clusters. We find the new partitioning constitutes a formally meaningful classification that deviates substantially from the traditional classification. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 resource
 as student numbers from some countries had already begun to decline before 2001 or continue to increase despite the changed regulations. Therefore
 institutional researchers
 transnational institutional and social connections may affect the residential location and housing experiences of immigrant and refugee groups
 budgetary restraints in financing research in medical education
 specifically African American
cited By 5
 ethnic networking
 and they are even expected to get involved in sports. Hence
 as did mothers who enrolled. The latter also experienced elevated levels of oppositional defiant child behaviors
 acts on the biped dynamics
 called a CoopTable
 without incurring a bandwidth or energy penalty. {\textcopyright} 2007 IEEE."
 and technology influence the nature of alliances across the business and academic arenas. Originality/value - The findings are significant because they demonstrate how BFL collaborations can be made more effective through the application of business principles. BFL collaborations can positively influence electronic collection development in a variety of ways. The paper offers a new and unique conceptual model that improves understanding of the nature and depth of BFL collaborations in the context of electronic collection development. This paper will be of interest to business faculty in particular and faculty in general
 and new social questions emerged. In particular
 users who are trusted by many and distrusted by many: a global agreement about the trustworthiness value of these users does not exist. We argue
 since the post-Suharto deregulation of the media and the dismantling of the repressive Department of Information
cited By 2
 D and Kuo
cited By 5
 etc.)
 and (3) the question of how rhetoric “belongs to” or is used by different social interests. To overcome these problems requires a method which analyses processes of production
 where claims of novelty and interdisciplinarity are rife but not always justified."
 stereotypical
 it should offer a “fresh approach” and meet the challenge of appropriately regulating media in a complex environment. It is meant to achieve a balance between the free circulation of TV broadcast and new audiovisual media and the preservation of values of cultural identity and diversity
 and second
 H A and Livesey
 it produces clusters with smaller entropy (i.e.
"Wallace
 Cambridge)
 such as set-use relations for public variables
 assessment
 etc)
 including network effects
"" ""space
"Ogunyemi
"Auman
 exacerbated post 9/11
 and are in the vanguard of those for whom the new mobile Internet technologies are available. We characterize typical leisure outings described by our study participants
 X"
 J and Magolda
 the report concludes with the NCAFP's recommendations for enhancing the U.S. presence in the UN in the spirit of the former. {\textcopyright} 2007 NCAFP."
cited By 4
 if not
 the proposed schemes have lower bit error rate (BER) than those low-rate and full-diversity code schemes. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2007."
 that education-related variables have a great impact on graduates' job satisfaction. Additionally
 such pluralizing processes combine to construct global Islamic authority in diverse forms that transcend or challenge conventional understandings of religious knowledge
 and cultural and professional diversities limited the success of the first instance in 2001. For the second course in 2002
 Inc."
 both at the level of production and reception. The analysis of texts shows
"Dedoussis
 political participation
 Inc. 2007."
 431-441). These shifts can also be observed in international cooperation among universities. One of the manifestations of this shift is the increase and change of inter-organisational arrangements in higher education. One type of such arrangements - higher education consortia - are analysed in detail in the study. This analysis takes inter-organisational diversity as a starting point (Parkhe 1991
 we propose a novel
 as well as differences across domains. A diverse sample allowed differences across ethnic groups and socioeconomic status to be studied. Results indicate that children could have a generalised notion of motivation that becomes differentiated when students are asked to reflect on these variables within specified domains. The existence of few differences across ethnic and socioeconomic groups suggest that instructional style could be a more powerful influence than either of these variables. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2007."
 but it does not affect their actual enrollment. Strategic application behavior helps Arabs
 health care and environmental issues. Leaders must be visionary and have high expectations. Thus
 LLC 2007."
 adding services as indexing and automatic classification. As the Portal must join very diverse contents assuring system scalability
 Sussex
 at a time of what conservative critics call a ‘clash of civilizations'
 diverse speakers whom are experts in their field of study instruct each class. This health disparities course is conducted at one of three different academic institutions in the Houston area and broadcast via satellite to various academic institutions by means of tele-education. Tele-education is defined as a mode of instruction utilizing different forms of media such as video
 human interference
 Inc. 2007."
 and include additional cases in cultural competency. Together
 and also on their lecturers' use of the university's MLE
cited By 9
 Culture
 and unintended messages. The within-case inductive analysis found emergent mission statement messages in the print materials and on the web site. A deductive analysis then was conducted using Newsom and Hayes (1990) mission statement component framework. Inductive and deductive cross-case analyses werecompleted to compare and contrast institutional messages resulting in the 3 themes discussed in this article: Access
"Li
 with small to medium effect sizes. Of particular interest are students with disabilities in general education science classrooms (n = 202 students with complete assessment records). Those who used CTA significantly outscored their comparison peers on the posttest
 responding to when teaching news journalism. I think we are responding to two things. First
"Pritchard
 to be on the front page (or magazine cover)
 Levy
"Culbertson
 domestic
 community
 but drive time is often restricted by other planned activities. Driving along slopes in nonhomogeneous terrain injects unpredictable amounts of slip into each drive. These restrictions led to the creation of driving strategies that alternately use more or less onboard autonomy
 does this technology meet the pedagogic needs of the students? Additionally
 and the latter takes plural. We argue that English has a highly productive derivational suffix /-s/ that creates abstract nouns from adjectives
 user preference change
 SAGE Publications Ltd. All rights reserved."
 economic characteristics
 distributed user collaboration
 whose works have been highly evaluated even overseas
 we develop a scalable image coding format
 V and Narayanan
 S A and P{\'{e}}pin
 and finally examines the prediction power and the limitations of the calibrated data itself. We validate our method with two widely used streaming media systems and the results indicate an excellent match of the modelled data with the actual system measurements."
 P M and Gillis
 etc.). This paper presents a stepwise knowledge modelin approach based on two self-contained
 while bilateral negotiations support long-term orientation. Buyers in different clusters use the two exchange mechanisms in combination to a different extent."
 but the overall frequency of story type was fairly consistent among the stations. The corporate structure of Spanish-language media is looking more like its English-language counterparts and this oligopoly structure may make it more likely to follow trends such as displacing public discourse with entertainment and reducing the availability of diverse voices. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2006 SAGE Publications."
 the scheduling process has to be decentralized. Furthermore
 ranging from small mom-and-pop businesses
"Sharma
 aspect
 they can not establish the perceptual model rapidly enough to provide good quality at very low bit rates. In this work
cited By 6
 with respect to the re-use and re-purposing of multimedia content. The EU-IST Reveal-This (R-T) project addresses this fundamental need aiming at developing an umbrella technology able to provide retrieval
 and prosodic features on system performance. We show that on a corpus of action item annotations on the ICSI meeting recordings
 we can further combine other high-level linguistic features
 K B and Su
 we propose cryptographic optimizations that vastly improve enforcement efficiency. We further explore the use of such policies in two example applications: a HIPAA compliant distributed file system and a social network. A performance analysis of our ABE system and example applications demonstrates the ability to reduce cryptographic costs by as much as 98{\%} over previously proposed constructions. Through this
 a limited and modified version of positivist analysis is possible in light of syncretism. Finally
 existing solutions require that the content to be replicated in full and stored in each source
 S and Mott
 K and Hiruma
cited By 13
 roughly estimate the class numbers automatically and outperforms other algorithms in terms of the weighted F-measure. In addition
"Kankanhalli
 programming
 etc. Current provisions for information security do not always fulfill overall demands required to ever-growing ubiquitous community. In order to keep usability and achieve safety
 in their turn
 and the extent to which such discourses of (multi)cultural citizenship publicly disavow-yet remain strongly marked by-exclusionary concepts of racialized difference. {\textcopyright} 2006 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 three rood search patterns are developed for motion-compensated error concealment of small-
"Miri
 economic stress
 but that psychological research methodologies may be adding to the misrepresentation of young Black women and their struggles. Qualitative methods must be utilized in order to hear more clearly the voices of Women of Color. {\textcopyright} 2006 Springer Science+Business Media
 our framework uses not only the media streams available at the current instant but it also utilizes their two important properties - first
 and promote social interaction. Copyright 2006 ACM."
"Lee
 perfumes
 and provide suggestions for the integration of talk about endpapers within classroom literature discussions. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
"Hodge
"Sun
"Vanaev
cited By 1
cited By 14
cited By 25
 we propose a distributed
 namely pattern entropy (PE)
 which utilizes the multi-rate capability offered by IEEE 802.11
 the implications of that country's colonial and neo-colonial past for attempts to implement the new policy. Drawing on the linguistic-diversity-in-education debate in the United Kingdom of the past three decades
 or both
 encompassing a diversity of cultures and religions
 led to the proliferation of many foreign words
 English literature
cited By 31
 owing to the differences in processing power
 all born in 1985. Each of the juveniles had been assigned to the South Carolina Juvenile Justice System (SCDJJ) on at least one occasion (""referral""). Analysis on referral severity showed significant age
 two factors must coalesce for restandardization to succeed: writers must agree to promote forms that diverge from prestigious transnational practice and/or institutional forces must exercise control over written norms and their users. Even in the event of the powerful agreeing on which forms to elevate to standard status
 developers can rapidly design and implement diversified reactive applications by assembling modular and extensible active rules. We have developed a holistic rule optimizer for sharing the work among multiple concurrently running rules. We report our experimental results to show the effectiveness of our approach."
 and other environmental information in order to recognize a pattern of users' activities. And more enhanced services that can analyze users' pattern of behaviors and reflect individual tendency in the service should be offered so that users can obtain the information they want much faster. Thus
 and focused on traditional historical topics; only one of ten websites was diverse. A four-cluster model provides further support for a discussion about the Internet
 the discourse was sustained over 8 weeks and students were able to find similarities across problem types without the support of teachers or researchers
 in their beliefs about appropriateness of the textbook series for all students. Results strongly support the need for professional development for teachers implementing a problems-based
 destination substitution
 in the interactive environment
 particularly the emergence of India as a global economic and political power
 citizens have continued ""to vote with their feet
 this has necessitated a large number of regional or local arrangements. In the name of the freedom of thought
 virtual media
 MES with Digital OMS is described
 collaborative design approaches and advanced evaluation techniques can lead to the creation and representation of feasible and relevant future communications scenarios that are characterized by a strong collaboration and interaction between users such as mobile iTV. Workshop organizers will also open up a debate around how to identify suitable applications for the above scenarios as well as related new forms of content and novel interaction models that support social use."
 thereby enabling location based services and active environments. Other systems that we have developed are also discussed
 usability studies by a focus group and redesign."
 especially when community values were regarded as diverse and requiring consensualization. It tended to be related to traditional punishment when community values were regarded as clear and consensual. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 All Rights Reserved."
 LLC 2006."
 and often do so with only tenuous support. For example
 some recent cracks in the century's old bond between Spain and Catholicism. Particularly secularization and religious pluralism challenge Spain's mono-confessional Catholic nature
 and are therefore exploited in the comparison of regulations for completeness. System performance is evaluated by comparing a similarity ranking produced by users with the machine-predicted ranking. Ranking produced by the relatedness analysis system shows a reduction in error compared to that of Latent Semantic Indexing. Various pairs of regulations are compared and the results are analyzed along with observations based on different feature usages. An example of an e-rulemaking scenario is shown to demonstrate capabilities and limitations of the prototype relatedness analysis system. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
cited By 0
 two that involved past career selves from adolescence when constructing future pursuits (reclaim past
 and cultural changes on an unprecedented scale. Among which
 3{\%} relative improvement in the word error rate (WER) is obtained. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
 the Opportunistic Medium Access and Auto Rate (OMAR)
 to improve the performance at low traffic loads
 dog-eat-dog
 1999] and the other is designed to meet the minimum output energy (MOE) criterion [IEEE Trans. on Information Theory 41(4)
 thus resulting in various positional inconsistencies. Most of the existing algorithms only deal with vector to vector data conflation or require human intervention to accomplish vector data to imagery conflation. In this paper
 and the elimination of kingdom. In 1949
 including leadership skills
 a new methodological approach shall be presented. By the method of network portfolio analysis new business opportunities shall be identified by analysing existing
"Sternad
 but becomes quite inadequate when MAI is present. Tailored to multiple access scenarios
"Levorato
 including the activities and actors engaged in this effort. The proposed model is the basis for an exploratory survey conducted with 85 Brazilian companies whose results also comprise this text."
cited By 8
 whereas that of the OpCSMA decreases owing to multiuser diversity effect. Simulation results corroborate these findings in slow fading channels. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
cited By 15
 a direct consequence of the robustness that our approach provides to link failures. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
 multisourced stories critical of corporate or government activities. The analysis draws on field theory
 and the ability to engage in reasoned debate (Terenzini
 it is proved that the OpCSMA provides significant increase in the expected capacity compared to p-persistent CSMA. In addition
 although designed for MP WLANs
000 RCYBP. No artifacts diagnostic of a specific cultural group were recovered
 flow durations and flow interactions
 it is essential that the medium is an effective conveyor of the message
 and opportunities for education and recreation. Wetlands are dynamic ecosystems with complex interrelationships of hydrology
 Izzo plays upon an ambiguous relationship between the stereotype of the city as the site of successive diasporas
 a variation on preferential voting. The alternative vote falls into the same simple plurality category as first-past-the-post
cited By 23
 by acquiring unused spectrum nominally assigned to a primary node. We aim to understand the performance of this system by investigating the impact of spectrum acquisition on the diversity order provided by the cognitive relay nodes. We consider three relay transmission schemes
 and many other authors from diverse fields
 are supported through new media and the Internet-and may indeed return us to ""multilingualism
 we need to select a set of films (resp. articles
 although the ownership structure has undergone some transformations. For example
 which I call Human-Centered FE
 M"
 and a younger brother to interview. These counterstories demonstrate children's diverse literacies and spiritual practices
 I discuss how pros hen pluralism may be realised
 and Thailand in fact constitute a robust
 the most important contribution of this paper is to establish the appropriate EAFoC for the development of consistent IS architecture
 financial worries
 but there are signs of a declining production which is detrimental if people have no alternative incomes. The results showed that in parts of the country
 W"
 and squash yields were improved by the use of fertilizers
 it promptly resorts to a reactive mode: adapting a prediction model to the new data. Finally
 multiple-access (MA) schemes must be designed carefully to harness the diversity benefits provided by the MB-UWB propagation
 using a wider frequency band to shorten the transmission time for each pulse does not increase the data rate in proportion to the available bandwidth. A multi-band approach that uses a plurality of bands that adhere to FCC specifications
 given the importance of the spectral analysis of IS data for a considerable number of applications in such diverse fields as engineering
 even if courts may rely on some background materials in interpreting the Constitution
 ranging from small test collections like the TREC and INEX collections
 double fault measure
 19{\%} opponents
 or promotions. However
 we obtain a four-fold polychotomization with one cell empty which mirrors Freeman's 1979 categorization. At a more substantive level
 employing the relative entropy to compare the distributions of the two ranking methods. For the real data sets we also employ a nonparametric measure
 the clients can be of heterogeneous streaming rates
 influence how people experience pleasure. Safer sex and HIV prevention work thus need to take account of how pleasure is constructed
 processes and technology. In this paper we introduce the aspects of governance
 E B"
 such that most of the responses (at least 70{\%}) were created within the average response latency of the responders
 LLC 2006."
 technology-driven
 LLC 2006."
 on-chip communication architecture
 and it adopts a multi-objective evaluation mechanism of fitness with weight-vector adaptation and circuit simulation. Besides
 user-friendly key is linked to Web pages containing a wealth of resources
 we propose an opportunistic multi-channel MAC protocol (OMC-MAC)
cited By 12
 A A and Husek
 both state and privately owned outlets
 uses an Euclidean distance in the spectral domain to index the audio data flow. Results show that is efficient: among 132 jingles to recognize
 and language choice for user screen names and message signatures are examined. The findings demonstrate how code choices are tailored to the requirements of different modes within a website
 this claim is challenged by theorists we call sentimentalists
 environment
 up to the present Arroyo government's neocolonial polity subservient to US hegemony
 ethnic minority participants endorsed multiculturalism to a greater extent
 2000; Robeyns
 including agency-based models of technological choice and political economy
"Petrik
 up-to-date resources and classroom management techniques. The confidence of beginning teachers to teach the arts can be promoted by observing colleagues
 nature-culture and future-past. This finding is not meant to marginalize indigenous territories conceptually or politically
 highlight the need for district-wide codes of behavior that provide schools with a range of discipline programs that serve the needs of their particular communities. The purpose of this article is to demonstrate how the process of developing and implementing a district-wide code of student behavior in Cincinnati played an important role in reducing disruptive behaviors leading to student suspension and expulsion. By involving all stakeholders in the development of its policies
 we are able to formulate the camera coefficients linearly in the entries of the affine fundamental matrices. The novelty of the presented work is twofold: Firstly the presented formulation allows for a particularly good conditioning of the estimation of the initial motion parameters but also for an unprecedented diversity in the choice of possible regularisation terms. Secondly
 and then the corresponding simulation model will be developed. In order to validate this simulation model
 lower-income households are experiencing greater affordability problems that are linked to societal changes and the retrenchment of government housing assistance in both cases. However
 the functionality and spaciousness of the house matters more than its location. Furthermore
 for radio channel characteristics
"Davison
 and to the implementation of language education programmes related to the teaching of mathematics and science. Among the issues discussed are the perceived difficulty of mastering English
 C and Fleuriot
 i.e. the introduction and dissemination of the so-called monitorial system of education in early nineteenth-century Hispanic America. The authors conclude with an assessment of the impact
 metadata
 religious/secular and educational backgrounds of my informants
 cultural and social characteristics. As a result
 and access relationships and resources
 books
 and argues that such claims are overstated and unfounded
 had more positive reactions to the new school environment and used more appropriate and more diversified coping strategies
 law's dual and conflicting role in shaping regulated family structures whilst both protecting vulnerable family members inside and outside such structures and at the same time also offering socially acceptable standards of dispute resolution in this most personal of spheres. {\textcopyright} 2006 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 we developed a tool called HelpChecker that provides a transformation of XML terms to propositional logic formulas and then employs BDD-based methods to ascertain completeness of the on-line documentation and to support authors in locating any gaps. Experiments with SAT-Solvers were also made. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media
 their interplay
 the scholarship on contentious mass politics in this region provides an appropriate test case for the common argument that postwar American scholarship has been dominated by American ""imperial designs."" This article examines the different genres of analysis in the literature and shows how these genres hold different normative and ontological assumptions
 we demonstrate that the application of fs/QCA in a two-step manner helps to formulate and test equifinal and conjunctural hypotheses in medium-size N comparative analyses
"Kontos
 psychologists
 publicly accessible library in Mexico. This
 constructed by indigenous Africentric patriarchal psychologies. This construction of the self equates African American bisexual identities with a pathological personality disorder known as misorientation. The psychotherapist who is aware of these aspects of the experiences of African American bisexuals is in a better position to offer affirmative mental health services to this population. Copyright {\textcopyright} by The Haworth Press
 thereby decreasing non-physical damping of solutions. The numerical dissipation term used with the entropy-split equations is in a form which preserves the semi-discrete energy estimate. A random one-dimensional dam break calculation is performed showing that the shock speed is computed correctly for this particular case
 and are competitive with the GR method for those datasets where all predictor attributes are numeric. Given that it is never known beforehand which splitting method will lead to the best DT for a given dataset
 social networks
 M"
 i.e. (1) content integration
 hand-held or wearable computers
 2000). Our conclusion is that by providing spaces for social interaction and relationships beyond the workplace and home
 and bodybuilding magazine representations of the body and sexuality
 it is not surprising that the process of European integration based on the new regional development model was accompanied by a parallel process of ethnic or regional awakening of minorities and other local communities. The key question for contemporary European (though of course this is not limited to Europe) political geography is
 and object identity [7]. The object schema and derived classes are important mechanisms for designing object-relational databases. This article describes how we can design and implementation an object databases from relational databases and describes how object schema is used in design process of relational object databases
 make automated extraction feasible
 although moderate
 late capitalist economy. It is produced by a diverse assemblage of urban youth
 IL."
 the paper investigates everyday reporting of ""ordinary"" news and reveals the limitations of existing theories and accounts of the links between media and national (and wider social) identities. {\textcopyright} 2006 Taylor {\&} Francis."
"Broadhurst
 and focus on the role of emotions in assessing the moral character of others. Finally
 the results achieved so far prompted a significant amount of work in very innovative research fields such as semantic-based knowledge systems dealing with multi-dimensional media. This paper describes the historical evolvement of the research done at IMATI-GE/CNR in the field of shape understanding. The most significant methods developed are classified and described along with some results
 and student groups gained substantial information from both the visualized
 a disparity between majority and minority status and a difference in social structure. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2006."
 Inc."
cited By 0
 teachers' knowledge of exemplary software was insufficient
cited By 6
 and how these constructions articulate with or challenge the dominant understanding of home as a heterosexualized family space. I consider the intertwining of the material and the discursive in perceptions of home
 a powerful dataflow language for describing application logic. The GRACCE metascheduling architecture provides the functionalities required for co-allocating Grid resources for workflow tasks
 as a final domestication of the Indian; and as an evangelical move against a resurgent Latin American Protestantism. The canonization rites were nested within political ceremonies staged
 and derive a simple binarylike access strategy. {\textcopyright} 2006 IEEE."
cited By 291
"Hallock
 and how deterritorialization frames the reading of an individual cosmopolitan subjectivity. In the second part Spiel's understanding of her cosmopolitan identity will be related to contemporary modernist European agendas. In the final part
 collaboration
 which indicates that the most suitable method for speech/non-speech segmentation is a combination of low-level acoustic features and high-level recognition features."
 we analyzed provincial assessment materials and found exam items using media reports. Third
cited By 25
 is not able to track bit errors down to individual bits. We have developed an algorithm to restore the original unwatermarked bitstream. As a result of introducing watermark bits in the stream
 Inc. 2006."
 have limited applicability to self-complexity as an outcome of media exposure. Thus
 counselling emerges as contradictory and ambivalent in relation to these themes in feminist politics. {\textcopyright} 2006 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 women's rights cannot be ignored. Instead
 one Irish
 and RealPlayer as well as accommodating diverse clients such as cellular phones. We suggest that our approach opens up new opportunities for extending classic VoIP systems by using these new technologies designed for scalable Internet based service-oriented computing. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2006 John Wiley {\&} Sons
 leading to a view of children's spirituality as multidimensional. This article preserves the less formal conversational style of an earlier version's presentation in Grand Rounds at the UCLA Medical Center's Neuropsychiatric Hospital on December 10
 citation
 which is accompanied by misrecognition of the other's unique and inviolable subjectivity
 theories of consciousness
"Aslama
 which is updated dynamically based on its channel and service status; the connection with the highest priority is scheduled each time. The authors' scheduler provides diverse QoS guarantees
 a range of potential applications of the DDF model are defined and presented. It demonstrates a process of design situated between conceptual design and real-world construction. {\textcopyright} 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
 with Europes in the plural. It asks whether it is more illuminating to distinguish two Europes (like Leopold von Ranke)
 a framework in which a biotechnological issue was presented was focused on; the changes of dominant frames and the relationships between frames and specific biotechnological applications (e.g. medicine
 the participants' stories also highlighted the diversity in experiences as service users between places
 the technical issues involved (linking this to theories of media use)
"Peng
 there usually exist multiple paths between any source and destination nodes. Such path diversity has been demonstrated to be effective in combating congestion and link failures for improved media quality. In this paper
cited By 35
 R and Pedro
 Latino
 and high efficiency of energy transmission. To this end
 along with tightly controlled and limited network interfaces
 making contact
 computation
 coupled with scientifically correct explanations of some basic earth science
build a global Muslim identity
 increasing the intensity of their interactions
 all objects undergo low-amplitude broadband perturbed accelerations
 and per-user resource allocation through a single control parameter. In other words the Alpha-Rule effectively fills the performance gap between existing scheduling schemes
 loss tolerance
 Jordan
 radio
 the authors present examples from their research that suggest that even apparently trivial
500 years. However
 which has focused on the social construction of economic institutions. This current has underlined
 and differences in reporting practices between press agencies and journalists. Results show an increasing number of articles
 in production
 on a problematic conception of positive and negative images
 Inc."
 and personal commitments to addressing diversity issues together with demographic questions
cited By 8
"Dunbar
 brought from different well-known areas. The latter three measures are evaluated theoretically according to five principles that a measure must satisfy to be qualified acceptable for ranking summaries. A theoretical correlation study between the eight measures that satisfy all five principles is presented based on mathematical proofs. An empirical evaluation is conducted using three real databases. Then
 water ecological construction
 the structure tensor field can be factored into motion components
 this fusion rule reduces to a statistic in the form of an equal gain combiner (EGC)
 soon to be shuttered
"Chan
"Smith
 culture
 have been already observed to be correlated with some other significant genes. Preliminary results positively verify applicability of our approach
 the total program (in particular
 Inc. 2006."
 education level
 Inc."
 physical
"Geurs
cited By 0
 the paper engages with discourses relating to sociocultural reproduction
 an unsupervised clustering technology is proposed for processing large scale satellite images taken from remote sites where none explicit teacher is involved. As an effective approach
 TV
 rooted in Q methodology
 films
cited By 4
 like-mindedness
 S and Hanneman
 suggesting that news processing conventions rather than journalistic partisanship produced the imbalance. {\textcopyright}2006 AEJMC."
 speaker change and syntactic information. We demonstrate that the proposed methodology including pitch- and energy-related prosodic features performs significantly better than a baseline system that uses words and simple pause features only. Furthermore
cited By 8
 dynamics and diversity of interaction. Identifying and addressing the relevant characteristics of interaction in social systems can be achieved through the application of cybernetic tools and vocabulary. These can be used to specify and secure the necessary and sufficient design principles for media through which the viability of social systems can be promoted. Originality/value - The paper shows that requirements to the structure of media applied in social contexts can be specified. Analysing interactions in all kind of social systems does provide clues for the development
 the degree of symmetry between creation and reception of contents. It concludes that many of the present models and estimates are biased by the present economic conditions of media services and that some commonly accepted ""laws"" are mistaken regarding diversity in a many-to-many information society. It discusses policy issues regarding how to make creative commons sustainable in this light. Copyright {\textcopyright}.2006
cited By 50
 and the anxieties these produce as they expose the instabilities inherent in the constitution of nation and national belonging. {\textcopyright} 2006 Taylor and Francis Group
 financial flows
 there is little community consensus about the redevelopment that is occurring
 the rampant kind of artistic synthesis that occurs during the latter half of the twentieth century is far more complex and complete than during any preceding period. A typically postmodern ‘resistance' towards those master narratives most usually associated with modern artistic sensibility may help to explain why this is so. I Notions of artistic purity
 2) a software of Motion-JPEG2000 player and network client that allows simple screening of HDTV material on a general PC using the scalability of JP2K
 and militaristic televangelists
 it proceeds by analyzing the diverse factors potentially affecting the values a cost driver input might adopt for a given project. And secondly
 we show that while caching is useful in some situations
 we can compile stochastic constraint programs down into conventional (non-stochastic) constraint programs. This allows us to exploit the full power of existing constraint solvers. We have implemented this framework for decision making under uncertainty in stochastic OPL
 individual language models are estimated at different search stages
cited By 3
 thus
 analyze the curriculum frameworks and the program's dissemination to other school districts in the 1940s
 psychological
 ISO 9241
 particularly within the brain of the bilingual
 for enhancing their productivity by the automation of their industrial and management processes. This involves a SME's effort not only by a financial point of view
cited By 9
 uncertainty in capacity data or uncertain costs. Likewise
 but the social institutions on which they rely are weakening in the face of continued urbanisation and commercialisation. It is argued that neither continued conflict between formal and informal systems nor widespread non-compliance are solutions. Instead
 corresponding to the varieties of Angola
 and we propose to use QAP (quadratic assignment procedure) hierarchical regression analysis to test the hypotheses."
 we propose a novel secure and scalable media streaming architecture
 for complex large-scale integrated systems such as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). To address these issues and to complement the findings of the current individual-centric acceptance research
 by using sophisticated systems of public relations and political spin
 playout duration
 that is
 output issues can remain. In particular
cited By 31
cited By 0
 web pages and written documentation. Without fully integration among those media
 we made up a stringent line of digital-analogue and analogue-digital (DA-AD) technologies for our design experiment. During the examination we focused especially on the creative potential of the techniques used
cited By 13
 a synonym thesaurus can be constructed to reduce input dimensions. To simplify the learning scheme
 and a two-handed inter-face. While these are only small spotlights into a large design space
 also makes it universally available. This paper defines a benchmark for the evaluation of educational multimedia systems. We have also examined major educational multimedia systems against this benchmark. The deficiencies in the systems arc highlighted. In the light of these deficiencies
 which appeared in a situation similar to actual communication actual communication. The result of the application of discriminant analysis by using four of the 13 nonverbal information provided a discrimination rate of about 75{\%} - 85{\%} to determine whether participants told a lie or not. Each participant utilised different nonverbal information with changes in situations regarding communication. On the other hand
"Bruce
 Inc."
 not only is this the first systematic study of supervised learning and the first attempt of feature-based supervised learning for PPI extraction
 although it is interesting to note that the best results are achieved by three-way voting among the classifiers. This probably occurs because each model has different strengths and weaknesses for modeling the knowledge sources. {\textcopyright} 2005 Association for Computational Linguistics."
 copyright notices
 the destination node can recover the original packets. The proposed scheme maintains the benefits of ALOHA systems
cited By 90
 (2) low-achieving and strongly oriented
 interest rates' level
"Collados
 in part based on contingency. The boundaries of hybrid cultures are negotiated and able to absorb diverse cultural influences: borders are active sites of intersection and overlap
 Arabic
 the existing STTCs/DTPA
cited By 1
 we have created a collection of undergraduate psychology curriculum resources in 3 alternative formats: a linear list of textual elements
 technological
 reciting
 Inc."
 the error correcting scheme
cited By 4
 ethnographies
 the literature has rarely explored situations that arise when immigrants have the same racial background as the people in the host cities. This research is intended to fill this gap in knowledge. Our findings reveal that Chinese immigrant households tend to start off overwhelmingly as private renters in the housing market. They also tend to live in inferior housing. However
 and S. Wakid
 the number of available alternatives is becoming overwhelming
 if desired
 3) cooperative transport of packets in stages using diversity combining. Our vision is to enable emerging and future very-low-latency
"Jain
 allowing for wider patterns of variation in erotic sub-cultures. This paper recognizes how these subcultures remain focused upon
cited By 0
 user cooperation migrates diversity benefits to the wireless RA regime
 after propagation through the medium. Blind deconvolution or identification methods published to date are not suitable for recovering these sources or the system response
 before it moves on to look more specifically at the background for the programme and the problems it is set up to address. The latter part of the paper addresses the implementation of the introduction programmes in one medium-sized Norwegian city. The local discourse here is one of before and after
cited By 0
 the MAC protocol should incorporate mechanisms by which a node can efficiently locate and track its neighbors. We propose a new polling based MAC protocol that addresses both the issues in an integrated way. We perform analysis and extensive simulations to understand the performance of our scheme in terms of its ability to maintain connectivity
 Indian banks were gradually exposed to greater domestic and international competition. India's approach to banking reforms has been somewhat different from many other countries. Whereas there has not been privatisation of public sector banks
 L and Kennedy
 his place in relation to the language shift
 information literacy
 adapt to an anonymous public. {\textcopyright} 2005
 few if any studies have addressed convergence among distinct mediated communication forms. Inquiry into role the regulatory role of consultant firms is particularly lacking. {\textcopyright} Emerald Group Publishing Limited."
 our method uses not only the current media streams but it also utilizes their two important properties -first
 which we developed to achieve both predictability and high-performance in handling disk and network data transfers of variable size. Additionally
 first of all
 packets are sent across multiple available paths according to a transmission policy which takes advantage of path diversity and seeks to minimize the loss rate. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed scheme provides significant diversity gain
 and the results of initial experiments evaluating the system are reported. {\textcopyright} 2005 Springer Science+Business Media
 Linklater (2002) deals with the idea of cosmopolitan citizenships through reference to political theory with the explicit aim of supporting a normative citizenship project based on philosophical reflection. In this approach
 black type of humour so prevalent in the age of AIDS in turn functions as a potentially anti-sentimental
 before extending the consideration to multi-hop scenarios. The analysis is conducted from the perspective of communication over fading channels under limited bandwidth
 article summaries
 was not designed with sufficient Quality of Service (QoS) constraints for such applications. This paper will attempt to optimise the received quality in 802.11b WLAN by balancing the load between various access points while changing the coverage area of each access point
 and remove obstacles to individuals' participation. This article
 Worlds of Warcraft became the first game to surpass a million U.S. subscribers
 and the NASA Explorer Schools program
cited By 13
 and Mexican American low-income women experiencing mutual IPV. More relationships were classified as MPP (54{\%}) than SYM (35{\%}) or FPP (11{\%}). Comparing women's and men's perpetration of several types of IPV (e.g.
 which guarantee completeness for the new algorithm
 changes in faculty instructional practice
 p = .003) were the best predictors of weapon carrying for boys. Time in extracurricular activities (B = -.267
 controlling for gender
 which can become quite challenging for classical automated theorem provers even in the case of relatively small algebraic structures. But since the problems are in a finite domain
 especially in today's age of heightened security fears. It falls to identity management in electronic government to play a vital role in making processes more effective by providing the mechanisms through which identities of citizens and businesses can be managed safely across Europe's borders. Nevertheless
 topics
 F"
 P and Furrer
 and business in a model that identifies factors that can potentially influence a girl's choice towards or against IT careers. The factors are categorized into social factors (family
"Lee
cited By 5
 at the same time
cited By 4
 archival materials
 the high complexity of full-state high-order Markov models makes them impractical or virtually ineffective. Thus
 M V and Shmurygina
 and as inviting political compromise rather than a principled stance on universal human rights. {\textcopyright} 2005 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 and even their political ideology or party affiliation. On this basis
 the ""Digital Librarians""
 and even overcome
 and offshore marine habitats. Native Americans occupied the Channel Islands for roughly 13
 a tendency that was stronger under SVV than under PV. By demonstrating the advantages of the minority principle
 the global optimal computation can be combined with the local searching. According to antibody-antibody (Ab-Ab) affinity and antibody-antigen (Ab-Ag) affinity
 the best effort and static access control
 the proportions of traffic flowing through each path have to be independent of the current traffic demands. We show that a minimum-cost routing satisfying the previous properties can be efficiently computed by column and constraint generations. We then present several strategies related to certain algorithmic details. Finally
 folders
 we address the problem of defining and enforcing access control rules for securing service invocations in the context of a business process. For this purpose
 this scenario provokes chills in many of us. Many physicians do not speak English as a native language
 heterogeneous social networks
"Shetty
 where H is the entropy function and k is the length of each sequence. In the MP we consider the objective function min $\sigma$ e∈ E(T) d e /k. Both the AML and the MP are NP-hard. We propose a new approach for computing solutions for these problems
 the optimized software without hardware acceleration can achieve a decoding rate up to 5.9 frames per second (fps) for QCIF video source. The overall throughput is improved by another 27{\%} to 7.4 fps on the average and up to 11.5 fps for slow motion video sequences. Finally
 and support vector machine. The results show that semantic video indexing results significantly benefit from using the TIME framework. {\textcopyright} 2005 IEEE."
 family and high school background variables
 Inc."
 extracurricular involvement
 together with energy efficiency and unique reconfigurability features
 higher motivation and more collective learning opportunities
 at the optimum operating point
 exposure to editorials presenting the diversity frame moderated the relation between Whites' pretested interracial attitudes (modern racism
 where one may download a document with an unknown standard. This paper suggests a purely automatic way of finding the standard which was used by the document writer based on the statistical letters distribution in the language. We developed a vector-space-based method that creates frequencies vectors for each letter of the language and then matches a new document's vectors to the pre-computed templates. The algorithm was applied on various types of corpora in Hebrew
 and users. Some of these mobile services require the support for group communications among mobile users for conducting transactions. Therefore
 it is apparent that most Algerians coming to Britain also have family links to France but that strict migration controls reduce the possibility of mobilising the social capital inherent in these social networks. I conclude therefore that
 helped us identify two primary frames for reporting about the handshake and media-indicated related behaviors (e.g.
 differentiated by political reform and media market environments
 Inc."
 and physical layout levels
 Inc."
 STPM reduces the total energy usage of an iPAQ running the Coda distributed file system by 21{\%} while also reducing interactive file system delay by 80{\%}. Further
cited By 25
 the presence of architectures and development environments for soft multiprocessor systems could open the FPGA market to the much larger world of embedded system software designers."
 Inc."
 the study provides evidence that diversity experiences may work together to foster development of certain aspects of self. {\textcopyright} 2005 Springer Science+Business Media
 network
 and cross-racial friendships on the level of social distance between Whites-Blacks
cited By 31
 D L"
 Inc."
 the anti-racist movement
 I first examine aspects of the interface between mental illness as defined by psychiatry and spirit healing. I then raise the question: If spirit healing is effective with some emotional disorders (as I have discussed in previous reports)
 by the end of the period of study
 in contrast to expectations
 community
 the growing numbers and kinds of diasporic media have significant implications for imagining multicultural Europe and for participating (or not) in European societies and transnational communities. What is argued here is that diasporic media cultures do not emerge as projects that oppose the universalistic projects of Europe and of global communication
 the encoding of H.26L costs too much time for it is complex to use fast motion search in adaptive block size motion estimation
 S and Hochberger
 amplified spontaneous emission
 rather than overwhelm the pastoral caregiver
cited By 2
 we introduce the Ant-Based Topology Control (ABTC) algorithm that adapts the biological metaphor of Swarm Intelligence to control topology of mobile ad hoc networks. ABTC is a distributed algorithm where each node asynchronously collects local information from nearby nodes
 Inc."
cited By 3
 we study the problem of mining intrapage informative structure in news Web sites in order to find and eliminate redundant information. Note that intrapage informative structure is a subset of the original Web page and is composed of a set of fine-grained and informative blocks. The intrapage informative structures of pages in a news Web site contain only anchors linking to news pages or bodies of news articles. We propose an intrapage informative structure mining system called WISDOM (Web Intrapage Informative Structure Mining based on the Document Object Model) which applies Information Theory to DOM tree knowledge in order to build the structure. WISDOM splits a DOM tree into many small subtrees and applies a top-down informative block searching algorithm to select a set of candidate informative blocks. The structure is built by expanding the set using proposed merging methods. Experiments on several real news Web sites show high precision and recall rates which validates WISDOM'S practical applicability. {\textcopyright} 2005 IEEE."
 null-steered spatial multiplexing to maximize re-use of the allocated spectrum
 J and Teboulle
 but rather
 researchers designed adequate computational models whose objective was to abstract the real world in order to be able to analyze the behavior of algorithms. In this paper
 the short-term fairness level is low while the long-term fairness level is high. The entropy-based approach leads to a conclusion that is consistent to the previous finding in the literature."
 analyses have generated a somewhat limited conception of 'skilled migrants' as managerial elites disengaged from local life. This paper examines skilled migration from a different perspective. First
 domestic violence models from other countries
 quality
 and archaeological interpretations. The last four decades of research has provided a strong basis for future analyses that draw together diverse strands of zooarchaeological
 Inc."
 the transformation of suburbs with high average socio-economic status was conspicuous
 and academic growth of children."" Findings feature contrasting elements of middle-class activity influencing and structuring home-school relations within a diverse school community. The research illuminates the tensions and possibilities within this urban community
 Other People's Children: Cultural Conflict in the Class room. New York: The New Press [1995]). As a result
 gender
 addresses the limitations of earlier generation middleware by establishing standards for implementing
 regionally diverse narrative of feminism. {\textcopyright} 2005 Taylor {\&} Francis Group
 and the long Francoist dictatorship that followed
 for sustainability reasons the fragmentation of existing natural habitats should be avoided
 both data and multimedia
 philosophers
 as well as for social skill and agency within firms are presented. {\textcopyright} 2005 by Johnson Graduate School
"Chang
cited By 8
cited By 189
"Kouvatsos
 Paraguay and Colombia have also migrated and settled in urban areas throughout Japan. These immigrants find few avenues to organise themselves or to integrate with the population at large. The Ministry of Justice handles the legislation and enforcement of immigration laws but provides limited social services and information. A handful of non-government associations operate for the benefit of all immigrants but their reach and scope are limited due to lack of human and economic resources. Social discrimination and an increasingly tight labour market complicate this situation. In this paper
 something that activist filmmakers have long understood. Their films contribute to that process not only by offering alternative accountings that undermine the fictions presented by unified national narratives as they play on screen; their work (in both senses of the word) also demonstrates that a textual analysis is not sufficient if it does not also take into account the ""off screen "" cultural and political labor of Aboriginal activists whose interventions have made this possible. More broadly
 increasing commodification and cross-ownership of all forms of communication
 in the hope that the status of the translator can be elevated. {\textcopyright} 2005 Taylor and Francis Group
 whereas errors in the utterance segmentation are more devastating. {\textcopyright} 2005 IEEE."
 wearable crafts
 and Gini index
 the writer argues that political
 and values that commonly characterize
 i.e.
 form an alliance and bounce off the signal that they received during the collision slot. By processing the originally collided packets and the signals forwarded by the relays
cited By 7
 the benefits it delivers and how they are generated over and above the transfer payments from the government are analysed using a consumption opportunity set model
 the students said the tasks were interesting and engaging. {\textcopyright} 2005 Springer Science+Business Media
 therefore Bagging does not work well. This paper adapts Bagging to nearest neighbor classifiers through injecting randomness to distance metrics. In constructing the component learners
 were adamant that airport security had major flaws. Currently many countries are revamping their airport security systems. The U.S. and other governments are implementing many new systems and procedures. There are numerous potential pitfalls with this implementation process and these new systems will have impacts on the public. For example
 Inc."
 the invasive presence of Italian and the lack of resources
 a site dedicated to the multimedia publishing of diverse sound designs installed in public space in Australia
 market firms
 we present an Agent-based Complex QUerying and Information Retrieval Engine (ACQUIRE) for large
"Roberson
 K D and Keshelashvili
 including the control group
"Day
 where a foreign language is a medium of instruction
 where a foreign language is a medium of instruction
 SPaC does not transmit redundant overhead on good links and does not require costly probes to estimate channel conditions. We have implemented SPaC as a link-layer extension on sensor nodes; it is transparent to upper layer protocols and has low memory and CPU footprints. We evaluate performance through a combination of analysis
"Koubaa
 readers and contributors responded to both court-ordered desegregation in the 1950s and then special education inclusion in the 1980s and 1990s by calling for delays and gradual compliance. We argue that gradualism has functioned to maintain
 especially concerning the policing of diversity
 that we call XML/M
 they tend to ignore the ways in which multiculturalism is given meaning in the everyday praxis of a school of journalism: classroom discussions
 the ToC (Table-of-Content) of news video can be effectively generated. The effectiveness and robustness of the proposed approach are demonstrated by the experiments on five hours news programs from different TV channels."
cited By 4
 J"
 there is evidence for year-round settlement
 the home
 Jacquelyn Kilpatrick
 lies the fact that it fundamentally brings together the traditionally diverse disciplines of databases and (various areas of) digital signal processing. In addition to the conceptual event-based framework
 the V2eru
 this could mean that in the absence of microfinance services
 bounce off the signal they received during the collision slot By processing the originally collided packets and the signals forwarded by the relays
 I end with specific suggestions for researching cyberporn reception."
 a willingness to imbue their research and courses with a critical interrogation of prevailing education topics and theories would seem to invite greater personal risk and professional jeopardy. The following dialogue introduces both the mechanisms by which critical faculty in general
 teacher learning
 in particular
 anthropology has been forced to revise its earlier notion that globalization would inevitably bring about a culturally homogenized world. This article addresses the concept of the pluralization of modernities
cited By 2
 etc.). This obliges applications to reconfigure their behavior accordingly in order to maintain an acceptable Quality of Service (QoS). This paper addresses this aspect and describes a framework for a reconfiguration-based QoS management in multimedia streaming applications. Our objective is to relieve developers from dealing with the complexity of multimedia applications and their reconfiguration requirements. The framework provides a high-level specification language enabling an easy description of applications and their reconfiguration policies. A powerful component-based implementation is used for mapping specifications into run-time applications. Several experiments in different scenarios are reported to argue our design choices
 persecution continues in the aggressive anti-African activity of evangelist Christian sects
 engineering professionals
 most notably and recently by Congress' passage of 42 U.S.C. {\S} 14141. Section 14141 grants the Department of Justice (DOJ) the authority to pursue relief against law enforcement officials engaged in a pattern or practice of conduct that deprives persons of their constitutional rights. The DOJ has utilized its {\S} 14141 power to enter into private settlements with police departments and increasingly provides for the confidentiality of all documents discovered during its preceding investigations of those police departments. While {\S} 14141 has made important strides in reforming law enforcement agencies and deterring pervasive police misconduct
 data transmission
 we propose a scalable cross-layer framework to coordinate packet-level scheduling
 and this occured largely through the actions of Filipina domestic workers via the media and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). The reason that such issues could be brought into the open for public debate to articulate the issue of the differential access of migrant domestic workers to information about their rights and the range of factors that facilitate or impede such access. This paper explores the centrality os issues of nationality to understanding the migration experiences of Indonesian and Filipina domestic workers in Taiwan by considering how SARS played out for them in terms of their occupational location
 the proposed MAC protocol needs to decide which transceiver to use such that connectivity and fairness requirements can be met. The transceiver selection is based on a probabilistic scheme where the probabilities are computed off-line according to the load distribution at all channels. Hence
 which are discussed in the paper. GML is a comparatively new language in the field of geographic information systems and still in its developmental stage. Most of the data processing techniques need to be further developed in order for GML to be an efficient medium for geographic data storage and processing. {\textcopyright} 2004 IEEE."
 SSCH uses a novel scheme for distributed rendezvous and synchronization. Simulation results show that SSCH significantly increases network capacity in several multi-hop and single-hop wireless networking scenarios."
"Conle
 the outage probability of RT traffic users is reduced according to the increase in the number of frequency blocks owing to the increasing multiuser diversity effect when RT traffic accounts for up to 50{\%}. Nevertheless
 121 Subject and English teachers of public and private sector colleges and universities from all capital cities of Pakistan
"Kalyani
 but these benefits are realized at the expense of added complexity/resource overhead. {\textcopyright} 2004 IEEE."
 some message flows are to be treated as high priority messages in order to ensure a timely and reliable delivery. In this paper
 in particular
 media use
 conditional entropy and mutual information theory
 Vietnamese
 its role in the modernisation of Irish society
cited By 46
 as pursued by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the Aberdeen oil cluster. Our analysis indicates that some diversification is occurring
 and under illumination of widely varying color. Each face image is associated with a set of names
 a five-point plan for a moratorium on metadata is introduced: proclaiming the three major metadata specifications as Official Successes and are Ready for Business; issuance of a second proclamation calling for a general moratorium on metadata; during the moratorium period
 yet were more gender stereotyped in appearance. {\textcopyright} 2004 Springer Science+Business Media
 and only high-level features are routed out peer-to-peer
 such as the Democratic Alliance
 face
 scene detection
 is close in transform value to its float counter part
 clients are highly heterogeneous; it is necessary to differentiate their Quality-of-Service (QoS) requirements in streaming. However
 which has had to respond to international political crises such as the Rushdie affair
cited By 34
 broadcasting) through vertically separated
 governance is getting better and the situation is markedly different from that of a decade ago. We did three kinds of research for this pathbreaking study. Firstly
 i.e.
 the sender chooses the neighboring node with channel quality better than certain level to schedule the transmissions of packets in its queue
"Leong
cited By 55
 using multiple 802.11 wireless access points to provide path diversity to a mobile client
 Monetary Compensation
 2004."
 but for early and late components steeper than Rayleigh. Test users handling the measurement handset caused larger delay spread
 with special concern towards the targeted quality goals of the restructuring process. We briefly sketch our tool chain and illustrate our approach with the help of a medium-sized real-world case-study."
 and that the dominant frame has shifted over time from governmental process to economic impact."
 working through many processes. The whole momentous story has inspired an enormous literature
 GTV (Group Testing for Video)
 but also in having to bear the burden of unemployed family members. Adding to the crisis was a weakened baht value that caused a hike in the cost of consumable goods and agricultural inputs
 frame-based indexing
 and with attempts at the University of Zimbabwe to move on to pluralist analyses and multiple questions. The current historiographical debate is seen through the eyes
 the general positioned himself as the moderate Muslim ruler who had heeded the wishes of the silent majority in Pakistan that is against fanatical Islam. When
 and implementation of autonomous robots that are tested during competition. Started in 2003
 February 12-16
 and supports interethnic dating. The odds of having an interethnic relationship often
 and even the spectacular figures of fictional and real adventurers of another era. Employing this perspective enables us to make critical se]nse of the televisual world and ecopolitical implications of the media personality
 D and Bowling
 especially network diversity
 strong nationalism
 traditional
 perversely perhaps
 norms and traditions
 teaching assistant workshops
 training
 Hispanic is not consistently defined along racial lines
 cultural
 LLC."
 peddling
 SAGE Publications. All rights reserved."
 and underlying gender inequalities represent the key motivating forces influencing Tanzanian children's decision to leave home for the streets of urban areas. In response to difficult home situations
 traditionally represented via the Logical Framework
 and the production as well as consumption of media. These developments have powerful implications for the way nations are narrated in broadcast television and for our understanding of how television itself is evolving. The article argues that Indigeneity points the way to new notions of both nation and television. {\textcopyright} 2004
 academics should examine the multiple
 we propose an entropy-based analysis (LAMIS) mechanism for analyzing the entropy of anchor texts and links to eliminate the redundancy of the hyperlinked structure so that the complex structure of a Web site can be distilled. However
cited By 9
cited By 12
 she offers particular examples of how this new media and its ideas of representation calculate the audience's role and pander to the future. {\textcopyright} 2004
 each with its own characteristics and impacts
 part-of-speech classes
 the robot functionality must be organized into appropriate architecture
 this patriotic movement included most everyone from across the spectrum
 have entered the realm of online porn and sexuality. Developing a theoretical notion of space as other spaces
cited By 20
 the anti-FGM discourse not only replicates a nature/culture dualism that has been roundly questioned by feminists in science studies and cultural studies
 Latinos
 regardless of their socioeconomic group and level of education
 eccentric marketplace to a disciplined homogenised one. And because of this the editorial process is now more about bidding for contracts from awarding bodies than creating novel responses to educational opportunities. The Government needs to play an active role in keeping educational publishing vibrant and lively. The article suggests that there are three buge cballenges facing the UK industry: first
 and a case when a large Chinese text corpus is available. We examine the effectiveness of our techniques both when the side-corpus contains English documents that are near-translations of the Chinese documents being processed
 or specialized or diverse activity loci. Differences in artifact density and diversity enable many ambiguous artifact scatters to be classified into these general functional site types. Knowing the distribution of site types relative to elements of the natural and cultural landscapes can provide insight into past social and ecological or economic behaviors not offered by site-specific approaches. The study concludes that considering both the physical and cultural dimensions of landscapes significantly increases the research value of nonresidential sites for understanding the use and meaning of spaces between villages. Los Hohokam prehist{\'{o}}ricos llevaron a cabo una gran variedad de actividades en los espacios entre sus aldeas
 LLC."
 including aesthesical analysis
 incongruity and reality of day-to-day practices are overlooked. Thus we seek to draw out the interactions between policy and natural resource use
 urgency
 used for high priority data communication
 I find that there is a distinct relationship between racial and ethnic diversity and white voting behavior on racially relevant ballot initiatives
 missions and traders
"Huang
 and use them to develop an automatic training scheme. We also propose to use the ""Relative Sparsity"" of a cluster to detect the anchorperson in the news videos. Experiments show that our algorithm can get correct models for the persons we are interested in. The automatic learned models are tested and compared with a supervised learning algorithm for face recognition in large news video databases
 basic principles of qualitative methodology are discussed and
cited By 7
cited By 107
"Chakareski
cited By 10
 R P and Gangwar
 the paper shows how both texts superimpose an English narrative of class confrontation on an originally more pluralistic British cultural scenario
 this simple model is not adequate for bit errors observed at the MAC layer of wireless local area networks. Consequently
"Xylomenos
 a lexicographic arrangement of words
 more students would be motivated to learn to program. I contend that teaching computer science in the context of digital media manipulation will attract and engage many students who would otherwise not choose to learn programming. {\textcopyright} 2003 IEEE."
 and follow-up interviews with female reporters at each newspaper confirmed that socialization processes contributed to the reporting differences found here."
 developed in the faculty of Communication Sciences
 not least in the Swedish media
 M C and Smith
 MCB UP Limited"
 the performance gap to D WZ*(R) is only 0.66 dB at 1.0 b/s and 0.47 dB at 3.3 b/s."
 which allows the users to make a choice accordingly. {\textcopyright} 2003 IEEE."
 enabling some measure of unification to occur within the strands of my art-making and art educational roles. This synergistic approach
 home to hundreds of languages; Indonesia
 our financial ability to hire enough staff with the requisite skills to fulfill the ever-increasing support requests is very limited. In an effort to address these concerns
 the proposed opportunistic multi-channel MAC protocol can achieve selection diversity. Another key component in the proposed MAC protocol is that the size of the contention window is adjusted adaptively based on the number of competing stations which is estimated using the sequential Monte Carlo technique. Throughput results reveal that even under heavy traffic conditions
 self-made teaching medium and teaching activities. The first part
 while the AP frames the event in terms of their disunity
 S and Annamalai
 we are able to extend the FFT-based method to cases where multi-channel diversity
"He
"Jiang
 K and Yuan
cited By 3
 E and Garner
 such activities are to be governed by a code of practice (code). A code for the WTWHA road network was developed under extensive consultation with road maintenance engineers and work crews
 images of celebrations at the end of WWII
 that correspond to the economic theory of 'Worlds of production' : interpersonal
"Katz
 composing multiple student efforts
 the Concertaci{\'{o}}n's embrace of the neoliberal conception of media democratization has facilitated national and transnational corporate control of the principal means of public expression and consolidated a consumerist
"Berry
 Java sockets
 in fact
"Selamat
"Kang
 geographic location
 age
 in the case of rough music in Hertfordshire a relationship that might not have been wholly expected. Further analysis of the Hertfordshire evidence will be published in due course
 countries that vary in their history of institution of democratic regimes. Participation has been considered as a crucial dimension of citizenship
 where each user always has packets to send. In this case we show that the total system throughput increases at the same rate as in a system with a centralized scheduler. Asymptotically
 they might be less valuable for making recommendations for other users. Further
 which cannot be cured but can be made visible."
 the article suggests using multiple methods that are sensitive to different perspectives in research on globalization and adolescent identity formation. {\textcopyright} 2003 by Lawrence Erlbaum Associates
 the ideal of public service broadcasting was at its height
 they will be branded as authoritarian by the secular media and by general public opinion. This
 with the semantics of the data
 on average
 and poetry. Through the impact of its touring companies
cited By 4
 this paper highlights three elements of local technological accumulation and clustering within foreign-dominated export industries: production deepening
 reconfigurable and scalable. In this paper
"Correia
 scheduling and pre-fetching embedded in the QoS middleware architecture for dynamic group management of heterogeneous computing devices. In addition
 social-emotional needs
 and the United Kingdom
 a DVD-ROM based on an autobiography by African-American photographer Carroll Parrott Blue; an e-learning course on Russian Modernism with an online role-playing game at its center; a computer game for teens called Runaways; and a website called Dreamwaves)
 Hu Yaobang
 an activity whose modes and means bind closely to cultural values. This article provides a theoretical integration of a framework for culture values together with a model for understanding privacy and related issues that arise when personal information is shared or exchanged using information technology. The resulting hybrid framework can help understand and predict individuals' culturally linked reactions to various communication-related IT applications (e.g. e-mail
 a new system (BC-VC) is proposed
 stressing the fundamental role of Western influence on the shaping of the late Ottoman society. Although most of these studies touch on issues of cultural change
 final form science
 the user expects these users to send him new information as well. In companies
 we show that the FLS method can perform continuous media play-out while reducing the amount of search traffic to 1/6 compared with full flooding. {\textcopyright} 2003 IEEE."
 especially for intra frames coded at medium to high bit-rates. {\textcopyright} 2003 Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Co."
"Chakareski
 context
 a synchronized 'chronoscopic' temporality or real-time duration that obliterates the many other temporalities that interpenetrate our lives and give them meaning. It is argued the 'informational ecology' of interconnectivity constructed by the Media Lab and many other emulative 'start-ups'
 entropy soon overwhelms a purposive network
 eating-out motivation
 when taken together
cited By 8
"Ohkado
 the radio propagation performance deteriorates as the radio frequency becomes higher in both outdoor and indoor environment [l]-[3]. In order to easily achieve high mobility that will be also demanded by user in the futures
 thus enabling robustness to subcarrier nulls. Due to the introduced structure
 A and Och
 an injunction that has been met
 has brought almost half the national population to Funafuti atoll
 intelligent transportation system (ITS) and biometric system in airports
cited By 6
 that people exceedingly rely on genres familiar to them when new kinds of media and technologies are introduced."
cited By 3
 and semantic) and learn the optimal ways in fusing their combinations in story segmentation. The model utilizes a family of weighted
 a graph grammar functions as a mapping from the structure of a document to a desirable layout
 enabling a more informed interpretation of our past. This is accomplished through a 3D cyber-world constructed from a variable level of detailed recordings from archaeological sites. {\textcopyright} 2003 IEEE."
 as an object of research and theory in its own right. {\textcopyright} Walter de Gruyter."
 expressed through Hindutva
 indeterminate nature of the signaling range of wireless media. Since its initial design
 i.e.
cited By 0
 within peer groups and among siblings
 at the present time
 through a few examples
 and discusses the ways in which a virtual audio environment created for a computer game is similar to a more traditional installation space. There are very real limitations for the implementation of soundscapes on computer game consoles
 and New Zealand. Statistical analyses included a multivariate analysis of variance with 22 dependent variables (learning-style elements) and 2 between-subjects variables (gender and country) and a discriminant analysis. The alpha level was established at the p {\textless} .05 level. There were significant main effects for gender with medium effect sizes and statistically significant and large effect sizes for country main effects. There also were statistically significant and medium effect sizes for the interactions of country by gender. On the basis of these findings
 one of the boldest moves in policy change has just occurred in 2003 with a drastic change in language policy. Malaysia has re-adopted the English language as the medium of instruction for science and mathematics after thirty years of using Bahasa Malaysia as the medium of instruction. Language educators play a pivotal role in the implementation of this far-reaching policy decision and therefore the thrust of this article is to demystify the various changes in language policy over the years to enable them to understand and to explicate the macro-perspectives affecting this latest historic change in language policy. {\textcopyright} 2003 ALC Press
 results demonstrated many composites reported in the literature for general SRL models. Students evidenced SRL skill categories including the ability to set goals
 particularly in its response to resistance from some predominantly Muslim segments of the population. Yet the implementation of the educational policy shows that three languages—English
 hut forward the modified sequences of symbols in parallel to the destination. Our study shows that with R relays
 retinal display turned off). Each DIM was tested at high
 transparency
 which we call latitudinal and longitudinal process diversity. To illustrate the differences between these two
 the Chinese
 1996)
 a book designer and illustrator
 J and Vlad
 national
 and the media have not engaged in an effective critique of the country's continuing high levels of social and economic inequality or the structural constraints on the democratisation of its political life. Jacob examines the nature of South Africa's political transition from white-domination and apartheid regime to negotiated and ""mediated democracy"" that has adopted neoliberal economic policies to ascertain the reasons for this seemingly contradictory outcome."
"Plaisance
 the entropy value of the block is defined. By analyzing the information measure
 anthropological and philosophical ideas of passages and borderlands. The second part outlines important kinds of media passages through real and virtual spaces. The third segment discusses interrelations between multi- and inter-concepts that have taken on a crucial significance for cultural theory
 D"
 U"
 with an emphasis on opportunities and economic entitlements. Apart from official measures to restrict further access to citizenship by foreigners
 drawing on my ethnography of the estates. I develop a Foucauldian analysis of the uneven relationships between local discourses and practices of 'discipline'
 one of an awareness of a diverse
 shows how atavism and indigenism have been symbolically and ritually realized on the ground (1965-97) and examines some key developments in Riau after the fall of Suharto (1997-2001). Despite recent changes
 of desert environment. The critical success factor is to work very closely with the contractor community as well as engage the local legislators. PDO has created contractor forums which serve as effective media of communication with the contract managers and contract custodians. A novel approach attempted in contractor health care is to provide a central common health facility
 project design and development
 Mozambique was also at war. The pace of stabilization and structural adjustment quickened after 1992
 composing multiple student efforts
 the paper presents the status of the airport People Mover industry in the beginning of a new millennium when the airport market is booming
 our summarization system using dialogue-specific components significantly outperforms two baselines: (1) a maximum-marginal-relevance ranking algorithm using TF*IDF term weighting
cited By 30
 we describe selected
 to the career of the serial killer Fritz Haarmann. Though it existed for only a little over one year
 and assignment problems like coloring and frequency planning. We present a dynamic programming algorithm that solves PCSPs based on the structure (tree decomposition) of the underlying constraint graph. With the use of dominance and bounding techniques
 the rabbis - representatives of a ""popular"" and religious social sphere - use them to negotiate their position in relation to the psychiatric clinic as a representative of a professional and secular sphere. We show that the rabbis ""submit"" to the professional and secular therapists by using a local adaptation of Western psychological and psychiatric discourses (instead of a religious or mystical discourse)
 class
 customs and religions
 which are distributed across the edge servers in the CDN. When a client requests a media stream
 between activities and across space
 we suggest how these changes were related to differences in what was valued as learning in these two contexts (i.e.
 sensitivity to diverse others
 national and state media
 we consider results for the kinematically linear theory as compared to the kinematically non-linear theory. {\textcopyright} 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
 the article argues that land reform which includes women would be of great benefit: it would increase food security
 economic positions
 gendered rights
 or mostly music)
 which have long been studied by NTT Cyber Communications Laboratory Group. It constitutes part of the Information Sharing Platform being developed as a key objective of NTT Laboratories
 disclosed more often to male than to female characters
 and the creation of community and how each phase structured the conditions for subsequent phases. The analysis reveals how the online interactions gave rise to meaningful face-to-face conversations that in turn facilitated more reflective and sophisticated online exchanges. These online and face-to-face interactions assisted each other and enabled the students to claim their voices from the multiple voices from diverse special education practices that were sounded through the whole process. The end result is a community of learners in special education whose individual voices pulsate through a collective process."
 these writers create a space for an Indigenous dialog to self generate from within the corpus named multicultural teacher education. In turn
 motives
 geographical and agro-ecological factors at local and national levels. Livelihood experimentation has catalysed overlapping arenas of dynamic change
 smallness as an independent variable does not feature frequently at all. The research is based on methodological pluralism
cited By 19
 cluster analysis
 than image intensities and introduce 'feature efficiency' as a very general concept
 A"
cited By 0
 a power control algorithm which can optimize the capacity performance of the integrated system is presented. Numerical results will show that power optimization can increase the capacity and decrease the total transmission power. By incorporating diversity and hybrid ARQ along with appropriate code rates in the optimal power controlled system
 big business
 and we are able to locate the main respondents and their discussants within the urban neighborhoods where they reside. Hence
 A and Zhang
"Smolikov{\'{a}}
 singer(s)
 it exerts error control over computer data and video traffic control. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the scheme by carrying out an experiment of a networked shooting game. {\textcopyright} 2002 IEEE."
"Yang
 and socioeconomic diversity of the Chinese immigrant community
 and occasionally alternative voices. Somewhere in the middle of the two opposing platforms are the Instrumental functions that emphasize media's role as an information conduit
 tolerance and appreciation of diversity. The article illustrates this argument with a discussion of the proclaimed empowering role of the Internet
 which represented different strategic variations on the same ideological theme of peaceful evolution. The elite media discourse is characterized as ""established pluralism"". First
 I discuss the role of agency and oppositional voice in parents' stories. I delineate three narrative types that emerged in interviews and a series of parent meetings around college access issues: life stories of parents' own struggles as students; stories of bureaucratic rebuff in parents' encounters with staff in their children's schools; and counterstories that challenge official narratives of schooling. I argue that the sharing of such stories in free spaces is instrumental in the building of parents' social networks
 such as for the broad field of multi-media applications. {\textcopyright} 2002 IEEE."
 teams and broad-casted by different TV stations."
 in one platform has significantly increased. While several approaches based on vector or VLIW (very long instruction word) architectures
 mirrors an initial fascination for the technology itself. Yet
 and developing sources within layers of civic life (from officials to private individuals). This study of 1
 infantile nation. The second section examines popular-patriotic visions of India through a discussion of the music videos produced for television in recent years by Bharatbala Productions
 even when the underlying CDN is not designed with MD streaming in mind. This paper examines the performance of an MD-SM-CDN as a function of different network topologies and loss conditions
 and affective aspects of E-E (Agenda {\#}3). Further
 location
 necessarily
 as a universal net
 we introduce a hierarchy in communication and memory for memory-bandwidth efficiency and flexibility for HW reuse. The architecture provides various trade-off possibilities (flexibility
 and Ganesan and Stoica
 affirmative action
"Adireddy
 project design and development
"Arumugam
 performance
"Fragouli
 so what should we do tomorrow?"" This is a stark question which we as scholars cannot always answer. Indeed
 provides a motivating medium for language learning while fostering the development of the thinking skills that are needed for L2 academic literacy. Literature can also act as a powerful change agent by developing pupils' intercultural awareness while at the same time nurturing empathy
 such as CBR
 from the clothes we wear to the roads we drive on. All of these devices will be (wirelessly) networked using Bluetooth
 but within their geographical and commercial reach as well. The Arabic-speaking countries
 rather than a separate domain of activity. Finally
 which are covered by user fees and subsidies. MDA aimed to diversify the local supply market by offering training in a wide range of skills; however
 report their channel state information (CSI) to a multi-antenna element base station (BS). Using a scoring function at the BS
 C V and Kumar
"Bradford
 creating collaborative structures
 moviemakers
 K B"
 replete with technical language and withholdings of emotional and personal reactions
 originates essentially in his f{\'{e}}erie-the dissemination of mask
 and the Internet audience's responses to the site. Literacy emerges and expands well beyond its earlier restrictive text-based practices. It assumes a plurality of constructions and meanings that are situated within social engagements with the world in which the students live. {\textcopyright} Kluwer Academic Publishers."
 in a natural way
 radio and television have long been privately owned
 sponsorship from corporations
 we encourage review and critique
 police
cited By 7
 lack of good governance and transparency
 non-urban and home centered
 verification
 but state legislation makes co-ordination difficult. This may be seen as a necessity
 and a RISC unit for managing the whole chip. By careful study of task sharing for each processing unit and bus configuration
"Zillmann
 the Statement denies that race determines culture or psychology and thereby misses the broad logical point that race cannot determine anything
"Tong
 and detect and remove global deadlocks. The performance of the new algorithm is simulated and the results are presented. In addition (through simulation) the performance of the proposed algorithm has been compared and contrasted against the site graph method
 they are considered lost. Since the data to be written into disk is stored in main memory buffers
 specifically the right to mother tongue medium education
 just as men in Congress do
 we should rather think how to transform nation-states so that increasingly mobile populations can still share in political authority
 using diverse audio material
cited By 11
 the supreme leader
 writing
 and political circumstances. Survey data and in-depth interviews conducted with a diverse group of persons living with HIV and AIDS are used to illustrate this conceptual argument. Results indicate that the time-space characteristics of daily routines
 because Turkish political parties do not link economic and political issues in 'typical' right-left packages
 filters designed to give children access them only to suitable pages
 using each of the five benefits as kinds of social relations. Two general research questions guided the analysis. First
 between the other two
 journalists often framed the conference by its geographical and ideological contexts
 by asking students to plan
 including all memory and bus latencies
 in their best medical judgment
 village resource development activities may provide a potent mechanism for reducing dependence on forests
 approaches and interests than at present. Second
 physical)
 we identified diverse ethnic or cultural groups
cited By 315
 the numbers of international migrants are at a very high level. Fourth
 and time-consuming process. We present the design
 and opportunistic niches for growth
 R and Curtin
 signing and validation requirements for handling these signature purposes
 and thus that their structure is roughly in line with the conditional uniform graph distribution hypothesis. Implications of these findings for network theory and methodology are also discussed. {\textcopyright} 2001 Published by Elsevier Science B.V."
cited By 23
 the radical-Marxist approach
 idiographic foci. Although there are examples of work which continue to span these different traditions - for instance Roger Gould's Insurgent identities (1995) - there is a pressing need to renew the agenda of urban studies by encouraging further debate with current studies of class and social networks. Our symposium will consider how dialogue between these different traditions might be encouraged in a way that takes forward enduring theoretical concerns of urban studies. Our starting point is to recast debates about class and place in terms of a sensitivity to diverse kinds of networks. This allows us to see categories (such as class or ethnicity) as relational
 and their influence on creativity. In previous work
 B"
 each newspaper provides distinctive perspectives on and attitudes toward the military
 institutional pressures
 the influence of the lowest opinion
 however
 satellite television will continue to have an inordinately important role not only in broadcasting
cited By 19
 despite their considerable popular currency at the time of writing (September 2001). In both cases
 J"
 gates
 many claim that manifestations of increasing economic scale such as larger firm size
 the idea that the democratic deficit can be fruitfully approached through broadcasting initiatives is undermined due to the restricted access the Commis-sion has to the broadcasting sector in the regulatory sphere
 J C"
 role in relation to the development of content for new multimedia platforms. This article critically engages with the 'global march of technology' thesis as it applies to the field of multimedia 'content' applications. We define this multimedia applications field as: both an emerging new media industry and a new cultural form which (like the mature media) offers a potential public space for the negotiation of cultural values and forms of identity. We are mainly concerned with the application of multimedia technologies for the production of cultural products aimed at final users in the home and the implications of current globalization trends for diversity of content and local cultures. The article also addresses aspects of national and EU public policies related to the support of the digital 'content' industry. To explore these concerns
 and those who lack these resources and feel threatened by the implications of relating class to their own personal identities. This latter group are mainly concerned to establish their own 'ordinariness'
 protect subjects from critique and use multi-media case methods in conjunction with other approaches to promote habits of praxis. {\textcopyright} 2001 Kluwer Academic Publishers."
 and discuss smoothing and step-size selection. We then present a novel procedure for feature selection
 to fit new contexts. A few diverse examples are given of features that might be considered both attractive and endangered. Suggestions ranging from the practical to the whimsical illustrate some possibilities for injecting the essence of these experiences into a more technological world
 review and process a student's actions while using a interactive learning module (Scribe); a technology that allows for interactive
 review and process a student's actions while using a interactive learning module (Scribe); a technology that allows for interactive
 and at the (self-)representation of homeless people in texts written by them
 national
 they tend to displace entirely from public view the ‘messiness' (and associated anxieties) that are an inevitable (though often productive) part of the ethnographic experience and process. As every ethnographer in truth must know
 and cultures. Thus
 I examined children's appropriations of diverse cultural material for school composing. In the analysis
 which started in April 2000
 it will highlight the Colorful Flags Program as an example of this approach. Today
 attitudes
 community organizations
 technologies
 Sage Publications. All rights reserved."
 lightweight development paradigms appear to be challenging the overheads of incumbent process-intensive engineering models. It is timely to go back to the point of divergence to see just how far modern software design norms have strayed from basic design theory of several decades ago. This paper examines Mayall's 'Principles in Design' (1979) and presents an interpretation of how contemporary software design relates to this unofficial design canon. Mayall's ten principles are treated as an assessment instrument
 and it produced a public image linked to widely accepted cultural knowledge. I argue that the research articulating 'rabbit calicivirus' as a biological control agent
 we evaluate the performance of an RSVP-aware switching point for video transmission under different load conditions. In particular
 put it: 'There have been some comments that it is not the business of [such bodies] to be involved in social regeneration by serving a wider and more diverse audience. I cannot agree. It is clearly right that these national treasures should be available and accessible to all citizens
 T and R{\""{u}}nger
 A R and Bull
 American Journalism Historians Association."
 users close to the base stations are allocated DSCH in order to save channelization codes
 I focus on the writings of Durkheim and Simmel. Their work is rarely central to writings on the body
cited By 36
 converted banks and credit unions approach savings
 for allocating CBR and rtVBR services
 which emphasises the crucial interplay of the social-cultural aspects on the one hand
 X-Sim
 labor can be defined as a colonial imposition and attempt at social control and as a medium of agency and resistance for those laboring. Although historical documents provide solid information on the structure and implementation of labor from the top down
 polymorphisms
 German for chemists
 the image of the Indian woman was constantly being reconstituted and proscriptions of her sensuousness were interwoven with prescriptions of passive feminine behaviour. Admired models of perceived Eastern female docility were often selectively drawn upon
 although it is changing due to the rise of Hindu extremism."
 a dangerous cocktail of inequality
 O"
 court transcripts
"Wang
 D"
 and overall quality of experience that future systems require. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2012 ACM
cited By 3
 T and Nagashima
 both arguing that structural diversity among broadcast media outlets presents the best means of securing ideologically diverse programming and responding to potential objections to structural regulations aimed at securing such diversity. Finally
cited By 1
 relations with clients
 that it is only a matter of time before other fields catch up with the early adopters
 were the same journalistic story as the passings of other figures as diverse as Judy Garland
 flexibility
"O{\O}stberg
 government extension agencies
 via a comfortable medium
 soft
 two potential influences: family characteristics and labour market signals. The theoretical framework used here is the human capital theory
 soft
 taste
 the number of business schools that are considering acquiring such services is bound to increase. The emerging issue is how to use services such as Reuters 3000 Xtra to provide '. financial information education for students
 with the entropy of missclassified news
 such that males who viewed the sexually objectifying video felt that the victim in the date-rape condition experienced pleasure and ""got what she wanted.""."
 and it is indicated how the capacity is upper bounded by N parallel channels of gain M(N{\textless}M) for large values of N and M."
 including data broadcast
"Zhao
 a platform that can provide seamless
 media production is being commercialized nationally and the pressures of the market are not by any means restricted to the south. Thus
 are described in an attempt to identify instructional approaches that improve educational quality."
 N"
 the structure of the existing broadcasting industry
 offensive and ""unprofessional."" In his first year as governor he attracted an inordinate amount of national attention. His national media exposure was capped by publication of a Playboy interview in November
 short-term throughput bounds for flows with clean channels and long-term throughput bounds for all flows with bounded channel error
cited By 3
cited By 34
 commentaries on production and consumption within it
 resource sharing
 and communicates with itself and the world. The ability of Micro Radio operators and advocates
 detailed descriptions of the erstwhile and present legal
 I hypothesize that men who are HIV-positive are engaging in fewer sexual contacts than men who are HIV-negative
 such as the textual description
 civil society organisations and the state in shaping the significance ascribed to language-equity in the transformation of radio and television services is considered in detail. I argue that entrenched patterns of socio-economic inequality
 read with and against the experiences of this community
 respectively. Recent measurement of a CDMA cellular system indicates that the system is in handoff at about 35{\%} to 70{\%} of an average call period. Therefore
 faculty
 MCB UP Limited"
 charging for network communications. In this article
 the article suggests that although media imperialism is perceived as a very real danger by governments
 rational
 and a more 'seamless' social integration of media into everyday life. First
"Clark
 winners and losers
 substance abuse or prejudice. The evaluation described studied the pilot testing of the program with three groups of adolescents (N=33) involved in the juvenile justice system: adolescents in a diversion program (first time
 reveal that African-American members portray themselves and seek to be portrayed as having diverse interests and significant influence in Washington. Thus it appears that the media
 Inc."
 there will be (spatial) external effects
 particularly through vertical integration between carriers and content providers
"Leung
 Pentecostalism and politics and Pentecostalism and the media."
 the microradio movement not only demonstrates the medium's significance to our understanding of community
cited By 3
 redefining the relationship between national news agencies and national identity
 (5) the building up and drawing down of household inventories
 and those with either a racially-same or mixed network reported the lowest sense of coherence. Altogether
cited By 140
 namely that the mental health status of participants is predictive of their levels of disclosure. A total of 176 women from three major ethnic groups were interviewed and assessed during the baseline visit for a comprehensive longitudinal study. Results showed that these women constituted a highly-disclosed population; over one-third of them had disclosed their HIV status to their entire social networks. Contrary to expectation
 I suggest that their scopic regimes are different from earlier ads. The campaigns play across the domains of public and private space to disrupt more conventional modes of femininity and masculinity. This play provides humour
 is important at a global level in addressing cultural maintenance and renewal. This factor is neglected in existing accounts of the emergence of a genuinely multicultural and international public culture. {\textcopyright} 2000 Sage Publications
 calling attention instead to uses of the screen as an object in the ‘here and now'. Intertwining transnational perspectives on locality with the protocols and contingencies of small-scale commerce in the USA
 play
"Lee
 P C"
 the development of key institutions
 and the government of the Islamic Republic adopted in order to achieve this about-face are described. The analysis is based on data collected by the first author during anthropological field research in 1993-96
 the details of which will - I hope - be developed further when the introductions are over and the discussion starts. They are: 1. Planning and budgets
 resource-rich graduation standards approach in the solution stream. Ultimately
 programmable method for allowing natural integration of legacy applications into distributed system infrastructures. The approach called active files
 the author points out that the concentration of ownership in the media has affected the extent to which minorities are heard. For any concept of human rights to be universally accepted and globally enforced
 high availability
"Morgan
 diverse kinds and amounts of detailing
 has been committed to developing a pluralistic approach to the subject
cited By 13
 the greater are the chances for their full biliterate development. The present paper revisits the continua model from the perspective of several international cases of educational policy and practice in linguistically diverse settings – Brazil
 to new Muslim channels. Then we move on to look at the implications of these new developments for Turkish audiences in Europe. What we argue is that Turkish television culture is now quite diverse
 gains in English language skills
 H"
 transmission rate and access mode of different networks. These difficulties provide new challenges and opportunities to researchers in the communication field. One such challenge is the design of the interconnection system of networks (gateway)
 ephemeral content. By drawing on theoretical discourses of perception in the work of Kracauer and Benjamin and on contemporary sources about radio and everyday life in Weimar Germany
 Brian Urquhart argues that 'wider rules of conduct
 conducted during spring 1998. Multivariate analysis reveals that income
"Sunder
 I"
 religious pluralism and integration. The headscarf was only a minor problem in Britain
 A L and Ama
 ensuing saga for an organization. Implications for SCT are enumerated: 1) consciousness-raising may occur over the Internet; 2) significant events
"Hossain
 T L and Senadji
 resolve conflict situations and enhance features for presentation purposes. The developed animation functionality are generic and could as well find use in other related geo-disciplines. {\textcopyright} 2000 International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing. All rights reserved."
 a multiple-instance learning method known as the Diverse Density algorithm is employed to determine which feature vector in each image best represents the user's concept
 or mandatory service personnel. This employment status correlates with age
 more polycentric settlement patterns should benefit the development of medium-sized and small towns as well as protect open spaces and
 third
 that correspond the succession of these ridges
cited By 63
 and the ability to integrate annotations having different formats and levels of detail. We describe a general framework whereby these issues can be addressed successfully."
 to increase its funding in the 1980s led to more diverse programming. Simultaneously
 since they are wide and unstructured
 and seemingly entrenched
 public libraries have not done so. Yet
 medium or low
 using a questionnaire and focus groups
 Karl R P H and Hui
 functions
 we describe the implementation issues and performance achieved by Dynamic Window-Constrained Scheduling (DWCS)
 we propose a model for subjectivity and physical perceptions
cited By 8
 we propose a model for subjectivity and physical perceptions
 and the latest money-spinning business in direct retail programming and in advertising generally. The danger of over-marketization is clearly there to be perceived for those who want to take a look. {\textcopyright} 1999 SAGE Publications."
cited By 373
 and by derivation the sense of national identity
 and then logged and analyzed. The results confirmed that multimodal systems can indeed support significant levels of MD
 satisfying given QOSs in terms of skew and throughput. SYNC* is composed of three components: Intelligent Video Smoother (IVS)
 directly affecting machine readability. Several commercially available aqueous inkjet inks and several recycled and regular envelopes were tested by conventional methods and by ultrasonic attenuation. In this case study
 small producers may not have access to the computers. Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) can be quite helpful in this direction by downloading the required information and providing it to small and medium enterprises. While the information technology policy of Pakistan is quite comprehensive
 A"
cited By 14
 the market is relatively stable. While control of editorial content is mainly a function of ownership and market forces
 but if the user stops
 diverse data archives
 especially if a tight economic link between the energy producing facilities and forest owners could be created. In order to take an advantage of the potentials more research and education are needed. However
 and the state have engaged in since the 1990s in Los Altos de Jalisco
 and the complexities of callings from the homeland in the 1990s
 O"
 and community radio. Preliminary research indicates a fast decline in local music and news and diverse programming since the consolidation frenzy. Advertising dollars and economies of scale rule the bottom line of large radio groups. As a result
 the irresponsible circumstances of her death and reflexivity about the media as a source of information. Sources of identification included her physical and character attributes
 women club members were 2.3 times as likely as nonmembers to know about modern methods of family planning
 symbolic appropriation
 a purity that is diffracted
 L J"
 increased competitive pressures
 P and Evans
"Harris
 journey-to-work flows. For some subgroups of the population
 radio songs
 especially pain; stress of the illness on family members; loss of control; financial burden and conflict between wanting to know what is going on and fearing bad news. Overall
 data
 shape collective action."
cited By 8
 but have their own legal independence; (3) cross-media ownership - media companies include different kinds of media in their portfolio; (4) conglomerates - corporations whose main activity pertains to a different branch of the economy acquire a media company; (5) vertical integration - mergers in programming production
 uniform media access for divergent population preferences. These two faces have a dialectic relationship: usually for media systems it is not possible to produce full reflection and full openness at the same time. In Section 4 it is argued that
 influenced structural changes with their capital and market strength. The article focuses on three countries in the region
 we test network explanations of why women are in the paid labor force
 to the range of subjects now covered and to the main locations of political coverage. This article argues
"Schiller
 the current crisis of the black press is a crisis for American civil society. Those in the 'mainstream' media have a responsibility to respond to this crisis by recognizing the importance of alternative publics and increasing their engagement with the African-American press."
 are expressing concern that market forces have led to unprecedented levels of concentration in the media field
 the paper demonstrates the effectiveness of the mechanism."
"Chan
 diverse system applications in a simulated operational environment. An evolutionary platform that will change dynamically over time
 control and operation of interactive communication channels in multi-media systems
 and must become the subject of research. In the 21st century
 and classroom activities. {\textcopyright} 1999
 it is amenable to politicization inasmuch as it shares common ground - the problems of everyday life - with the social movements and advocacy/ activism groups that are the collective
 Bourdieu's concepts of social capital and habitus
 and financially better off are the most likely bearers of these values. Further
 a theoretical foundation has been missing. This essay attempts to remedy the neglect by conceptually scrutinizing the exemplification process. The relationship between exemplification and representation is given special attention
 and that interpreted genes as malleable through individual will or technological intervention."
"Erdmans
cited By 11
 are also addressed by quartz. This paper compares Quartz to other QoS architectures found in the literature
 the irresponsible circumstances of her death and reflexivity about the media as a source of information. Sources of identification included her physical and character attributes
 may be having other largely unanticipated effects on the form and functioning of religion
cited By 0
 and Indianapolis
"Hocks
 regional economy. We also consider the role educational qualifications play in the allocation of different migrant groups to jobs at this aggregate analytical scale. The results show that both native- and foreign-born groups channel into particular industrial sectors. The strength of group channeling
 the economy shifted and employment went down in durable manufacturing. Mexicans thus found employment elsewhere. Native White and Black in-migrants had the strongest channeling into same sector jobs. This is attributed to the small streams
 a jazz tutorial. The results for exceeded the instructors' expectations for the excellence of the projects. In the process
 enables START to integrate a large and ever-changing lexicon of proper names
 computer supported cooperative work for groups
 the aged abbot of a remote rural monastery emerged as the country's most prominent religious figure. Luang Phor (Reverend Father) Khoon Parisuttho
 M206 `Computing: An Object-oriented Approach' has been specifically developed for distance learning
 diverse kinds and amounts of detailing
cited By 3
 which combines precision and recall in a natural and flexible way. This metric is used to make quantitative assessment of the relative contributions of the different feature types
 auto companies need to be capable of producing a variety of models in small-to-medium volume
 T and Senadji
 gender
 creating a single benchmark for the e-commerce application is not feasible. Add to this the diverse needs of small to medium enterprises (SMEs) and big business and we motivate the need for a benchmark suite for e-commerce. It is the thesis of this paper that the business model plays the primary role in the development of a e-commerce benchmark. It is the business that determines processes and transactions and thus also the database and navigational designs. For illustrative purposes
 who arrived as gold miners and railroad workers and comprised as much as half the population of some towns
cited By 10
 the number of authors currently read
 and receiver)
 the most important feature was that when development progressed to the next stage
 and attitudes to the study of Yiddish. The oral and written uses of Yiddish
 which shows as preference to consume some kinds of messages
 its effective power over policy is insubstantial. Ironically
 D B and Littlefield
 television can provide a bridge to link oracy and literacy. These visual texts create opportunities for students from diverse backgrounds to become active readers of television news stories
 of their evolving intellectually and emotionally supportive interaction
 socially constructed difference. It is argued that such a cultural approach may also help clarify some controversial issues in the sociology of nationalism
 many of which are mere parts of even bigger business empires spanning the globe. Clearly
 however
 challenging the 'implied audience' - the ways in which audiences are theorized outside audience theory - within the realms of political
 and the diversity of subjective inputs of journalists on the other. The particular articulations of structure and subjectivity found in each domain produce various forms of agency within journalism and construct so-called 'organizational identities' of journalists. Contrary to the professional mythology surrounding traditional news journalism
 with information relating to the aircraft's flight; specifically
"Pinto
 simple interoperability of application programs quickly becomes a difficult issue. Further
 rural women would benefit from a greater understanding of feminism. Online conversations involving rural and urban women are seen as a useful means of developing such new understandings. {\textcopyright} 1998 European Society for Rural Sociology."
 audio-visual material)
 Erikson's (1950/1963) psychosocial theory of life-span development guides the analysis of these messages and their relation to parent identity. Erikson's notion of ""generativity crisis
 can be used to sense the space-variant blur from image data and recover fine-resolution images. Technically
 many groups and individuals appear to favour vigorous adherence to every principle. In between lies a range of varied and apparently contradictory positions. Ties appear to weaken with the passing of generations and the pervasive influence of the mass media. But
 1998 semester. Eventually
"" ""RGB
 medium access control and data link control) and mobile ATM (e.g. handoff control
"Houck
 economic troubles
 links
 collisions will only occur in between the users that fall into the same part. It was well known that the optimal value of n is 3 under the condition that n is fixed and the number of users is infinite. The proposed DCR scheme adopts a dynamically change on the value of n for a better contention resolution. The performance is evaluated through the simulation over a finite number of users and the result shows that the DCR scheme gives a non-trivial improvement on the tree algorithms under a moderate number of users."
 online classes
 and for a period of two years resisted the full weight of the State through a series of course procedures
cited By 6
 however
 and content provided by individuals and non-profit groups in Community Content sites. However
"ACM SIGDOC Annual International Conference on Computer Documentation
 consequences and results) or the social functions of televised news. According to the reference model applied here
 an increasing awareness of
 which can be parameterized conveniently
 which exhibit a ""self-similar"" property when aggregating multiple sources
 Thompson
 flow through porous media
 controlled by a personal computer. This paper presents the results of indoor radio propagation using space and cross-polarization diversity measurements in an indoor wireless radio channel at 1.8 GHz. Moreover
 despite the risks that may exist from joining the global computer network
 and highlights the value of individual contributions to public discourse. Building upon that understanding
 sex and education. The religious family network type
 Y and Eleftheriadis
cited By 9
 the potentially democratizing impact of the introduction of new communication technologies still remains largely a matter of speculation. In general
 particularly important to democratization in Taiwan. So far
 public broadcasting must find its particular place. At the same time
 the democratic capacity of the media system remains undeveloped
 group and overall levels of networks. The diversity of adolescent relationships presents researchers with the methodological and conceptual challenge of identifying and taking into account the similarities and differences among relationships. Research with adolescents also makes one appreciate the developmental transformations that relationships undergo. We describe changes in the absolute level and relative level of characteristics
"Sumner
 about 40{\%} of the floating point multiplications and 50{\%} of the floating point divisions
 about 40{\%} of the floating point multiplications and 50{\%} of the floating point divisions
 about 40{\%} of the floating point multiplications and 50{\%} of the floating point divisions
 the state and the individual The paper argues that such changes are the result of the decentralisation in social
"Long
cited By 132
cited By 12
"Meyer
 Akron Beacon Journal
cited By 7
 and discussion of controversial issues. Sociotropic judgments mediate much of the influence of demographics and ideology on patterns of communication. Diversity in the composition of personal discussion networks has a strong and direct influence on communication patterns."
 a free flow of information is depicted as a functional requirement
 the article analyses the gender and class context for narrative events as portrayed within the soaps. While the kinship structure in both the dynastic (or patriarchal) and the community soaps constitutes a hegemonic
 accommodation and cultural potential."
 its implementation and evaluation are described. Authentic assessment was critical. Web forms and e-mail supported some necessary personal interactions
 diverse collections of digital multimedia objects
 the continental-style authorities in Austria
 were supported by examining changes in American family structure
 and they are likely to continue to do so
cited By 2
 reflecting diverse political interests. This is done by looking at the process of their struggle in the national and transnational space. The workers' own narratives
 we present an ATM encryption model that is focused on independence of both the hardware of the end-user device and the application utilizing ATM as a transport medium. Therefore
 work and community. It argues that skilled labour migration is a strongly gendered process
 various foreign schools
 and whether we encourage the best literacy for the age we live in. Often the assumption is that everyone shares the same meaning of the word ‘literacy'
 is maximized by sharing the results of geometric calculations that are required both for graphics and audio rendering."
 this paper's central thesis - that civic apathy towards political involvement may account for the apparently contradictory constellation of Moroccan centralised power
 and structuring the relevant information for distribution is needed. We describe a framework for the human-and system-directed retrieval
 students' conceptual understanding and recall are low and students are overwhelmed by large amounts of information. After completing courses in molecular genetics many students are left unaware of its importance and unprepared for further study or professional endeavors. At Washington State University
 even if the proposed scheme has smaller complexity than the conventional one. {\textcopyright} 1998 IEEE."
 so too has Marley's legend been adapted to fit the changing moods of the past three decades. This article identifies and examines three aspects of Marley's changing image in the United States. From the Rastafarian outlaw of the 1970s through the natural family man of the 1980s to the natural mystic in the 1990s
 M"
"Viarengo
 and cognitive skills to function in English-medium classrooms. This article provides a brief profile of these ""underschooled"" students
 although strucural adjustement programmes have the expected effects in the short to medium run
"Warschauer
 we consider how far the PP has moved along the path trodden by the PC
 in cash or in kind
 384 Kbits/s and 2 Mbits/s are currently being evaluated by the standard committees such as the Universal Mobile Telecommunications Service (UMTS or IMT-2000). In this paper
 in distinct areas of the net
 interaction utility
 ethnic diversity
 and because they are more insulated from local political pressures. From a broader perspective
 as societies become modernized and globalized. Particularly
 and the results show that the PTA scheme provides the better QoS for the higher priority data
 and non-state organisations dramatically enhanced the sustainability and possibilities of this labour struggle. But they also brought hierarchies and the potential for violence. When the wider historical conjuncture shifted after February 2000
"German Aerospace Centre (DLR)
"Institute of Telecommunications
 we study different dimensions of the value information diversity. Later
 reach favorable science dissemination effect and improve scientific literacy of the public. {\textcopyright} 2013 PICMET."
 rather than the end point of the analysis
 on the one hand
 as well as the extent to which colonial conceptions of race
 we investigate if having a diverse skill set
 build networks with other knowledge translation trainees
 H O"
 as court oversight for desegregation fades
 so that relay selection and actuation mechanisms are alleviated and the MAC costs are reduced. The coded packets are routed in the network via the proposed cooperative forwarding schemes
 it is useful to accurately estimate confidence in the correctness of the extracted information. Using the Knowledge Base Population Slot Filling task as a case study
 in some cases
 and Indigenous activists in the early 1970s - it is possible to understand how not only their diverse political agendas
 the international benchmarking and standard setting processes they were subjected to and the language testing accommodations we employed. We demonstrate how
 studying multiple online social networks during an event can reveal much more information about the event
 as well as optimising the networking and compression jointly across the Future Internet. The proposed solution combines the Digital Video Broadcast-Terrestrial2 (DVB-T2) broadcast technology together with a Quality of Experience (QoE) aware Peer-to-Peer (P2P) distribution system that operates over wired and wireless links. An audio-visual communication overlay is also utilised for bringing the remote collaborators together to jointly enjoy the streamed 3D immersive media
 T and Marques
 so that interrupts are not generated during data transmission. This synchronization frame is also used for providing the fast and energy-efficient association. Network information is embedded into the synchronization frame so that mobile nodes can learn about their neighbors just by scanning the synchronization channel. Furthermore
 political Islam and increasing religious intolerance. No other trend was thematised in the sample. The authors used spiritual motifs
 cultural hegemony. Yet
 named Random rElationship ClASsifier sTrategy (RECAST)
"MSWiM 2013 - Proceedings of the 16th ACM International Conference on Modeling
 plural legal orders. It concludes that minority policies were characterized by the simultaneous pursuit of integration and the promotion of difference. The article draws mainly on court records from Kazan and Simferopol (Crimea)
 the primary and underlying idea is that the fact of knowing how people feel about certain topics can be considered as a classification task. People's feelings can be positive
 Intelligence
 to sort out explanations referring to the particle model of matter. These answers (86 from 954) were analysed regarding choices of vocabulary and grammar to distinguish between macro and submicro level of representation. The results show that students use a wide variety of lexicogrammatical resources to realise what happens on both macro and submicro level of representation
 reporting
 called social rang and social frequency
10.1155/2013/987961
 outlines its several building blocks
"School of Electronic
 and use these summarized queries as the input to the cross language IR system. We explore the use of query expansion using pseudo relevance feedback (PRF) in the IR process
 election news program be produced despite limited resources using emerging and traditional media and successfully delivered in real time to a diverse audience? How well will students of various interdisciplinary majors work together under the stress of a high stakes project and will (their civic understanding and engagement be increased? Unsolicited feedback during and shortly after the live broadcast
 and observing public meetings around dog usage at a local park
 equity and dignity as outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. This study employs a historical approach to identify the common trends by examining issues concerning access to post-secondary education for ethnic minorities in China and the aboriginals in Canada. Specifically
"Norwalk Community College
 Taiwan"
10.1109/WI-IAT.2013.58
 a well versed employee and consciously aware of what they post to social media. The expectation is that the approach being used can be implemented in any introductory programming course. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 thus opening new frontiers in geosocial knowledge discovery. However
 sparsity
"IBM Research Lab
WWW 2013 - Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on World Wide Web
 Twitter
 such as norms regarding the use of pseudonyms or posting of photographs. A second aspect of our framework discusses legal issues in cross-cultural privacy
 the presented approach is rooted in the idea that an analyst can actively participate in the data collection and integration process
 and used it to create classifiers to predict whether the content of a micro-post is related to a particular location
 entropy
 surprising
 suggesting that with further improvements
 the users who view or forward the content in the early stage of content dissemination. In this paper
 SURPRISE
10.1109/RAICS.2013.6745494
 focusing on a core set of differentially-weighted word categories that represent an intersection of critical personality traits related to behaviors of concern. {\textcopyright} (2013) by the AIS/ICIS Administrative Office All rights reserved."
 economic
 the proposed framework demonstrates the ability to learn new topics incrementally and improve detection quality within a reasonable time framework on diverse high-dimensional datasets. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 and sometimes (manual) editors' picks (based on daily hot topics)
"Center of Excellence in Information Assurance
 spikes
 we explain the difference between webpages access and sharing by giving possible reasons
 University of Maryland
 disease names are highly ambiguous
 we propose a method for multi-tweet summarization of an event. It allows the search users to quickly get an overview about the important moments of the event. We have proposed a graph-based retrieval algorithm that identifies tweets with popular discussion points among the set of tweets returned by Twitter search engine in response to a query comprising the event related keywords. To ensure maximum coverage of topical diversity
 India"
 we introduce an additional social regularization term to the matrix factorization objective function to infer a user's preference for an item by learning opinions from his/her friends who are expected to share similar tastes. A context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Real datasets based experiments show that SoCo improves the performance (in terms of root mean square error) of the state-of-the-art context-aware recommender system and social recommendation model by 15.7{\%} and 12.2{\%} respectively. Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee (IW3C2)."
 Stony Brook
 consequently
 ICSC 2013"
 Italy"
"School of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science
 pre- vious research have shown that users' in-degree (e.g. number of friends or followers) is important but not enough to rep- resent the importance and reputation of a person. Another approach is to study the content of the messages exchanged between users
 we propose STORE: a simple task offloading and reassignment scheme for mobile social network. We leverage the 'ball and bin' theory for task assignment
 from the field of social network analysis
 make use of external-Web resources which are referenced from micro-posts. Machine learning is exploited in order to learn patterns that help identifying duplicate content. We put our duplicate detection framework into practice by integrating it into Twinder
 mutual information and filters are defined and instantiated for the case of haptic rendering
 Bowling Green
 due
 we propose an extension of the IC Model with the community structure of node neighbours incorporated. We derive an expectation maximization (EM) algorithm to infer the model parameters. To evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method
 posts
10.1089/cyber.2011.0522
 University Center C
 and the investigation results show that threshold entropy criterion yields better signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). Finally
 specifically in the town of Kidal
 citizenship
 we proposed a new hybrid approach by incorporating users' interests and users' friendships together to recommend new friends for target users. Firstly
10.1109/NAS.2013.38
"Department of Anthropology
 and we prove that the optimal policies have a per-community threshold structure
 diversity and coverage) that have never been used for such a goal. Our experimental evaluation shows that considering our new metrics improves the quality of the recommendations when compared to the state-of-the-art."
"Centre for Historical Studies
 they reveal an attitude of mistrust against politicians."
 increased reliance on limited capabilities of fisheries science
 El Correo
10.4185/RLCS-2013-994en
 our results show that this polarization is characterized by a strong-but not always explicit-dominance of right-wing views."
 Seconda Universit{\`{a}} di Napoli
 EuMW 2013 - Conference Proceedings; EuRAD 2013: 10th European Radar Conference"
 namely 1-NN
 ICACCI 2013"
 famine or disasters
 Telecinco
 with more recent coverage addressing public concerns over the way official or government sources communicated information about the threat from terrorism. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2013."
 performing only 12.2{\%} worse than for web page classification."
 we design and implement a traversal engine that achieves high performance by efficient memory access
 but in communities with drought two years prior and with strong migration histories
 possibly accompanied by the transmission of ideas through extensive social networks. {\textcopyright} 2013 Elsevier Inc."
 environment exploration and medical diagnosis. Different segmentation techniques are available in the literature for segmenting or simplifying the underwater images. The performance of an image segmentation algorithm depends on its simplification of image. In this paper
10.1109/ICCCNT.2013.6726489
 near duplicates or rebroadcasts of the original footage. This article describes the efforts to evaluate the efficiency of the Pixel Forensics
 the user and joint preferences
 Spray and Wait
"Dovetailed Ltd
 MUM 2013"
 national culture
 e.g.
 diverse e-currencies provide many conveniences as they consolidated as a culture in our everyday life. This research designed and implementation in-house e-money using Java Card technology. In-house e-money is e-money that is used in one organization
 we compute a number of network measurements: some of which are classical
10.1109/CSE.2013.162
 Virginia Bioinformatics Institute
 the diversification problem is usually addressed as a bicriteria objective optimization problem of relevance and diversity. However
 standard deviation
"Cited By :1
10.1007/s11277-013-1204-y
 the project has partnership with various third sector institutions such as NGOs and collectives
 we propose an approach for detecting both up-transcoded and down-transcoded MP3 audio files and revealing the real compression quality based on statistical patterns extracted from quantized MDCT coefficients and their derivatives. To minimize the false prediction caused by individual characteristics of diversified audio clips
10.1109/ICSPCC.2013.6664121
 memories and registers of technologies that inhabit our sound environment. From this starting point our apprehension of technologically produced sound is reassessed
 University of Louisville
 especially those used for fine art printing. Raking light reveals texture through a stark rendering of highlights and shadows. Though raking light photomicrographs effectively document surface features of inkjet paper
 S and Wendt
 Georgia State University
 University College Dublin
"Department of Sociology and Anthropology
"Department of Sociology
"National University of Singapore
 the fundamental plane is probably a confounding correlation
 2010). Strategies have been developed (Herrera
 social and political resources. The importance of political and electoral resources underlines the autonomization and the relative closure of the political field. A qualitative analysis on some ministers clarifies the limitations of change in the ruling political class: ministers often heralded as symbols of a newly opened political recruitment are in fact experienced professionals of politics. {\textcopyright} 2013 Macmillan Publishers Ltd."
"Department of Mathematics
 hedonism) to the field for the generation of new lines of inquiry. A call for embracing a diversity of explanatory principles is offered
 Lisboa
10.1007/s10212-013-0177-2
"ECE Department
 Jinan University
 theory and practice. More specifically
 The Association for Computer-Aided Architectural Design Research in Asia (CAADRIA)
 we evaluate applicability of the requirements imposed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and the IEEE 802.22 standard to the cognitive vehicular networks. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and its broad view of obligations). These insights go some way toward the achievement of the desired synthesis. But
 makes visible the multiplicity of agencies and research institutes that
 2009)
 an interference rejection filtering (IRF) method incorporated into the despreading process is proposed to improve the performance without significantly increasing the receiver complexity. The simulation results in terms of the bit error rate performance of the scalable multiuser S-SUWB transceiver for the IEEE 802.15.4a channel models are presented demonstrating the usefulness of the proposed scheme. Performance improvements with the use of the IRF and also multi-user results are presented. The results indicate the desirable performance is obtained using the energy efficient techniques for low and medium delay spread channels even without the use of any equalization method. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 attention and resources directed to such offences by state-centred agencies. The state-centric response to such offences can be understood by appreciating their position within a 'hierarchy of standing' amongst and between Internet crimes. 'Hierarchies of standing' define offences differently according to their perceived seriousness and urgency
 the results show that English-speaking children were more inclined to count when quantifying small number sets than Chinese-speaking children. {\textcopyright} Instituto Superior de Psicologia Aplicada
 it is demonstrated that the proposed scheme approximates an optimized solution under widely diverse traffic load intensities. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 either in terms of Bit Error Rate and throughput. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University
 via forced alignment of audio to scores
10.1007/s10844-013-0258-3
 selection of projects and allocation of resources etc. in the whole process of the national R{\&}D project is being emphasized for the scientific national R{\&}D project. To improve efficiency and effectiveness of the process to select the broadcasting communication R{\&}D project
 IL
 although the narrow range of ethnic groups permitted to participate in these encounters
"Hebrew College
 Shenzhen
 CHINACOM 2013 - Proceedings"
 we raise this lower bound to the $\Theta$2p level of the polynomial hierarchy and provide a $\Sigma$2p upper bound. Relatedly
10.1007/s00224-012-9437-9
 LLC."
 whereas very frequent diversity interactions are associated with considerable growth. The results are similar regardless of students' race
 SRM University
 and mathematics (STEM) majors. Specifically
 negotiate relationships with those who are differently socially and culturally situated to themselves. Informed by the interview narratives
 the political campaigns launched under Viktor Orb{\'{a}}n's second government (2010-present) have marked a paradigm shift in the history of political communication in Hungary
 the numerical results are obtained by varying the modulation types and channel parameters for different scenarios. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 India"
 with neighborhood exclusion as the most salient feature of social exclusion. This implies that social environment is not inclusive for disabled older people under many circumstances. Implications for how to achieve an inclusive society
 and roll stability of the vehicle. Such control mechanisms enables the UAV to perform complex tasks that no other Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) can execute such as hover pitched. This control tactic allows the vehicle under investigation
 and team statistics). Utilizing the theoretical foundations of relational demography (Tsui et al. in Productivity and interpersonal relations in work teams characterized by diversity
 and free of shame while heterosexual women more often believed most women self-penetrate with sex toys
 and prepares the type of engineering-arts experts and complex problem solvers that are currently needed in creative industries. This type of degree also presents several important challenges for educators and administrators. To address these challenges we developed project based assessment approaches
 indicated that they would like to weigh less. However
 Alliant International University
 migration. This means that inventors
 this study investigates the causal relationships among the longitudinal changes in public agenda diversity
 a creative community is established whereby pupils develop a shared meaning through dialogue which in turn becomes an inherent part of the understanding of their own creative output. In this study
 and the theory of consumer behavior. Harvard University Press
"Center for Radiophysics and Space Research
 an issue that adds to the complexity of the content and contexts of this study. These families know and use these ""knowledges"" on a daily basis
 and ""cool"" reputation (social prominence) during three time points between the spring of seventh grade and spring of eighth grade. Participants included 1
 road diversions and other blockages)
 contacts
10.1145/2541831.2541836
 York
 World Wide Web and large companies surge more and more. However the major problem is the high dimensionality of data. Most of the features are noisy
 a saturated network is considered and it is determined the packet transmission probability that maximizes the uplink throughput; the second represents a non-saturated network and the goal is to compute the optimal transmission probability associated to each mobile terminal that minimizes the packet transmission delay. In the end
 Australia"
10.1109/ICSensT.2013.6727622
 without losing the achievable multiplex gain. We implement a prototype on software radios to demonstrate the throughput gain of MDMA. {\textcopyright} 2013 Authors."
 altruism term into the net utility. The effects of altruism are analyzed at Nash equilibrium for the carrier sense multiple access (CSMA)-like random-access framework in the quasi-stationary (fictitious play) regime. We consider either power or throughput-based costs of networking
10.1186/1687-1499-2013-202
 therefore
 facilitation of student voice and exposure to the nature of science. The goal of science education was emphasized to students as purposeful in promoting scientific literacy. This study is framed by sociocultural theory grounded in a social constructivist paradigm with the understanding that science learning takes place within social and collaborative processes leading to internalization and greater sense of self-efficacy. The study examines the perception of education students' beliefs about scientists as well as reflections on their own learning of science as elementary students themselves. As present practicing teachers
"University of Vienna
 Dirichlet processes)
 so that the throughput performance of the entire network can be improved. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 a query for content whose attributes are within a requested range. Supporting range queries over MANET is challenging due to node mobility and adverse medium conditions. In this work
"College of Information Science and Engineering
 Korea Aerospace University
 and reproduction in any medium
"Development Research Department
 for the dispersion of the specialized sports information and for the development of super-fast network. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 regional style of film is unified by the digital effects post production. The result shows that the animation produced through this process not only has a strong visual impact
 GreenCom-iThings-CPSCom 2013"
 which is regarded as an effective mean of overcoming cross-platform obstacles caused by the diversity of smart devices. Considering the constraints of web technology
10.1109/FIE.2013.6684813
 it is easy for innovators to obtain certain kinds of knowledge
 natural safety
 diversity order) of the system can readily be obtained by using these asymptotic expressions. All our analytical results are corroborated by the Monte-Carlo simulations. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 {\'{E}}cole Polytechnique F{\'{e}}d{\'{e}}rale de Lausanne (EPFL)
10.1109/IROS.2013.6696974
 sheer volume of these long tail data present one aspect of the Big Data problem: how does one more easily access
 G and Kum
 amateur and inexpert) who considered the possibility of other worlds were necessarily involved in other debates that were taking place in the nineteenth century. Cosmogony was understood increasingly in materialist rather than scriptural terms
 combined with a lack of planning
 these schemes are not designed for the latest IEEE 802.11n standard
 schedulers to manage data transaction requests from various clients and develop faster ways to retrieve requested data to extend the applications beyond backup. We use commercially available tapes and a tape library to perform latency tests and understand the basic operations of tape. With the optimistic backing of statistics that suggests the extensive usage of tapes to this day and in future
 radiometric correction or atmospheric correction for flat surface terrain. But for mountainous region
 most existing public and private cloud infrastructures are based on monocultures that allow attackers to focus their efforts on a single hardware/software platform and facilitates the rapid spreading of successful attacks. In this invited paper
 being corner cases of the proposed Self-Feeding Process (SFP).We show that the SFP (a) exhibits a unifying power
"Rutgers University
 we hypothesize that visual groups outperform the control groups. Teams were given one hour to develop novel ideas for the business model of a daily newspaper. The statistical analysis of the survey-based feedback from the participants reveals that facilitation mode has a significant effect on the perceived team process. Specifically
 ranging from the plural character of the MAS party and program
 we consider exploring weakly taggedWeb images to shed some light on video concept detection. Particularly
 this research aims as preliminary work for a later standardization of the diverse properties of gestures and gesture classes similarly to what is already standardized in norms such as ISO 3958/4040 for placement and reachability of traditional controls and indicators. We have set up a real driving experiment recording trajectories and time behavior of gestures related to car and media control tasks. Data evaluation reveals that most of the subjects perform gestures in the same region (bounded by a ""triangle"" steering wheel
 D and Rogner
"Escola Superior de Educa{\c{c}}{\~{a}}o Do IP de Lisboa
 in conjunction with the extended finite element method
 it becomes possible to clarify the ways in which the animation of a diverse public was inseparable from its ability to appropriate and in some substantial sense 'gather'-to re-claim and re-appropriate-a properly public space. In short
 follow
 culture and political leadership. The diversity is also driven by requesters- varying motivations. {\textcopyright} 2013 {\textcopyright} The Editor
 following the proposed framework
"IBM Watson Research Center
 online articles
10.1145/2502081.2502263
 Levy Walk and inter-contact time with truncated power-law distribution emerge from generations of evolutions
 temperature
 critically
 reposts
 Chaiyaphum
"Wearable Computing Lab.
10.1145/2509352.2509396
 CT
 may be altering people's everyday relationships to place. This paper reports on an exploratory survey study conducted to provide groundwork for understanding the elements that comprise sense of place and the role location-based services may play. It was found that sense of place arises from diverse information sources
 resulting in decreased MSE. This reduction has been found to be dependent on amount and level of ectopic beats. Therefore certain form of ectopic editing methods are required to be apply for MSE based HRV. Interpolation methods are found to be more suitable editing methods than deletion of ectopic beats. The findings of the study can be partly used as a reference for the acceptable amount of ectopic beats for the MSE based HRV. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 almost always wipe out the channel diversity gain
 and relationship building-were positively related to problematic SNS use. In addition
 and the evolution of source convergence throughout the crisis. The propositions are applied to the transcripts generated by focus groups that observed a series of simulated television reports about a mock crisis. Participants performed well in distinguishing among sources and their credibility
 University of London
 what they can become and what enablers and constraints underlie trajectories of member engagement. As DESN continually evolve
 and argues that the Croatian case disproves the proposition that Hallin and Mancini's model cannot be applied to new democracies in post-communist Europe. The communist period in Croatia provided nuance to an already existing framework of media system
 76801 Saint Etienne du Rouvray
 speaking for ""the people"" rather than giving them a direct voice. The neoliberal
 and norms of behaviour. The results are multiple mechanisms of change taking place simultaneously and the development of a more interactive and pluralistic public sphere. While China obviously still has to develop far more formalised and institutionalised mechanisms for managing state-society relations
"Institute for Advanced Study
 Investor and Citizen/Policymaker. Stories were also coded for the origin of the story
"School of Education
 2208D
 and the motivations that drive their circulation
 that of empathic hearer-exclusive uses. These are typical of interactions where involvement of the audience is sought even if they are not referentially included in the subject
 according to which it regulates different video game use more strongly than the other systems. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2013."
 Ethiopia. The study found that mass media and interpersonal communication exposure were positively associated with all outcomes. The influence of communication exposure on knowledge of the legal minimum age at marriage and the perception that marriage before 18 was ""too early"" varied significantly across communities. Community pressure to stop child marriages and awareness of marriage law enforcement were positively associated with endorsing daughters' rights to choose their marriage age and partner. Perceived social norms regarding early marriage
 and accurately representing 5-year-old child development. There is a pressing need
 3840 rue du G{\'{e}}n{\'{e}}ral Leclerc
 decides to wear a veil in increasingly Islamophobic Paris
 over time
 and coercive pressure from Government or other regulatory bodies is likely to be required. Market-place imperatives from customers and large players in supply chains can also be significant. Institutional theory was further used to understand the relative importance of these different pressures. These findings have relevance in other contexts as SMEs are the dominant form of business in many countries around the world and SMEs are estimated to have a combined contribution of around 70 {\%} in terms of global pollution. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 we compare P-SIGMA with SIGMA and show the speed at which P-SIGMA can detect attacks (security breaches). We observe that P-SIGMA has lower signalling than SIGMA while maintaining all the benefits of a transport layer mobility management scheme. P-SIGMA can also detect paging related security threats with a small detection time without incurring any additional signalling. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 reported CCI is likely influenced by the racial diversity of a student body and other aspects of the campus racial climate
 bilingual and middle class. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the use of text increased the number of creative elements in ideas with lower creative quality among both novices and seniors. Electrophysiological analysis revealed that EEG signals corresponded with this behavioral pattern. Novices showed an activation pattern of low creativity
10.1007/s10798-013-9237-9
 is part of people's daily experience that often takes place on the margins of conventional politics. A politics of conviviality is one such form of politics of the popular that emerges in contexts of rapid change
 associates degrees
 while the other is shared by second and third person (see Kerstens 1993; Halle 1997; Bennis and MacLean 2006; Aalberse and Don 2011). (iii) Rules that operate on features (including rules of impoverishment and spell-out rules) are sensitive to the order in which the functions represented by person features apply. The main results of the proposed theory are (a) an explanation of the typological inventory of persons (first
 particularly the stateless
 moreover
 cultural
"Academic Department of Informatics
 these consumers constitute only a subgroup of the Malaysian whole
 GPS
 and plateau of productivity. The first decade of research on the educational use of mobile technology is divided in this paper into four stages: (i) a period of mobility and personal digital assistants; (ii) the era of wireless Internet learning devices; (iii) the introduction of social mobile media; and (iv) a ubiquitous future. In addition
 and mistrust of an interactive media form; these arguments underpin both the exclusion of an R18+ in the early 1990s and the inclusion of an R18+ in 2012. Finally
 information-theoretic views of ownership
 old and new. Meta-media yield new varieties of meta-communication and meta-data. Third
 to further extend the idea. Community Entropy Ratio seems to allow direct comparison across different graph topologies and shows encouraging potential for its ability to predict the eventual persistence of a Twitter hashtag. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
10.1109/NSW.2013.6609214
 New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology
 and sensors. However
 and attitudes towards these topics. This paper aims to document the findings. Design/methodology/approach: In total
 but also the way its readers (specially the North-American ones) perceive the world
 age and other personal characteristics like the social background. The study shows a correlation between motivations and these external and internal factors of gamers. However
"Cited By :3
 we derive a so-called instantaneous diversity order in low and medium SNR region which is essential to practical systems. The instantaneous diversity depends on both the amount of information forwarded by the relay and the minimum distance of the channel code. Interestingly
10.1109/SPAWC.2013.6612115
 but rather with regard to the topics and linguistic styles that people express in their on-line writing. Using data collected unobtrusively from LiveJournal
 the identification of roles is based on the detection of handover of roles. On the basis of candidates for roles handover
10.1109/CIDM.2013.6597224
 but the codes are also visually insignificant in the sense that a human cannot discern the vendor
 Saakashvili's United National Movement government realized many positive works. Works like the successful reform of police forces and the determined force-back of corruption. These liberating works were all eagerly welcomed by Europe and other western nations. However
 United States"
10.1109/ICASSP.2013.6638997
 which stems from the concept of ego network. ECSNR considers those neighbor nodes of either social aware or non-social aware nodes within its communication range for message forwarding. ECSNR uses degree centrality
 Delhi (IIITD)
 as they can substantially alter sharing behavior. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2013 ACM."
 S Y and Balasubramanian
 a channel diversity coefficient is defined to quantitatively represent the channel diversity for a given path. Moreover
 an attempt is made to outline general guiding principles in exploration of a wide range of seemingly dissimilar phenomena observed in large communities of individuals devoid of any personal intelligence and interacting with each other through simple stimulus-response rules. Mathematically
 RMC advantageously engaged resources traditionally designated for poor and working class families while HMC used social networks built locally over time to support their choice-making. In order to re-think West Virginia UPK's position towards cultural pluralism and social justice
 this paper shows that in contrast to the Minimum Linear Arrangement problem which is generally NP-hard
 IPDPS 2013"
 and the ""Do Not"" mural in Srebrenica was created. Here
 anul 8(4): 60-61
 and critical service learning may be drawn upon in journalism education as resources in the formation of an emergent journalistic worldview. Exploring student responses to this project through a framework of Youth Participatory Action Research
 and Italy)
 triangular fuzzy numbers and linguistic values characterized by triangular fuzzy numbers are used to evaluate the importance weights of all criteria and the superiority of all alternatives versus various criteria above the alternative level. Then
"Department of Law
 politically relevant subpopulations such as political sophisticates and activists. We argue that the diversity of SMIS samples
10.1017/S1049096513001029
 the article presents findings with respect to its utility to a broad range of historical source evidence
 RoPS descriptor and object recognition algorithm was rigorously tested on a number of popular and publicly available datasets. Our proposed techniques exhibited superior performance compared to existing techniques. We also showed that our method is robust with respect to noise and varyingmesh resolution. Our RoPS based algorithm achieved recognition rates of 100
10.1007/s11263-013-0627-y
 deploying linguistic features typical of personal
 the development of compressed data-structures allow us to simulate suffix tree and suffix array using O(n) bits. However
 William Allen White School of Journalism and Mass Communications
 one of the essential building blocks of such a system is a highly efficient networking infrastructure. In this paper
 P.O. Box 4500
 1 Salway Road
 4000 University Drive
"University of California
 since European integration after the fall of the Berlin Wall was an issue of broad elite consensus
 but the Regnerus controversy illustrates that it is value dependent
063
 and when a requisite of bounded response time is added most common solution involves summarizing knowledge. Summarization involves deleting knowledge from the knowledge base and probably losing accuracy in the medium-term. This proposal provides all the advantages of statistical user models and avoids knowledge loss by using an R-Tree structure and various search spaces (universes of users) of diverse granularity for solving inferences with enhanced success rates. Along with the formalization and evaluation of the approach
 alongside rises the issue of managing the increasing diversity of device characteristics and capabilities. As device fragmentation grows
 or the success of Hollywood and television tourism. In the society of the machinery
 the following categories were diagnosed: naive physics
 the mighty pen is also an instrument used by persons who seek either to effect or to experience a change in a number of diverse
"Concordia Institute for Information Systems Engineering
"Department of International Business Studies
 thwarting motivations for resistance and insurrection. From this context
 which the sport of Aussie Rules is trying to reach out to
 family
 and diversifying to include various conservation values into their agricultural enterprises. These groups were less concerned about market fluctuations and more concerned with issues of social equity
 therefore
 which unifies many of the existing approaches. Additionally
 a central part of academic scientific practice is still organized according to different principles. In this paper
 2011). In order to better address complexities and dynamics that surround academic work
 curling
 K"
 battery (LAB) abstraction to resolve this tension. We implement and evaluate LAB in a system called Senergy. Developers specify their LAB requirements independent of inference algorithms and sensors. Senergy delivers energy efficient context while meeting the requirements and adapts as hardware changes. We demonstrate LAB's expressiveness by using it to implement 22 context sensing algorithms for four types of context (location
 under a limited storage budget. Deriving a logarithmic QoE model from our experimental results
 indexing and rendering of stand-alone haptic media."
 are solved using the dominant wave method. Higher-order schemes are achieved using either variable derivatives along with the minmod limiter or a MUSCL type interface construction scheme using the Fromm's limiter. The mass conservation equations are solved using the first-order forward Euler method in time. Harten's entropy correction procedure is employed to avoid non-physical expansion shocks. Findings - It was found that the dominant wave method can accurately solve multiphase flow equations involving gravity effects. Numerical experiments also show that both minmod and Fromm's limiters can be successfully used to construct higher-order schemes while the minmod limiter gives slightly more diffuse solutions. Research limitations/implications - The flow models considered here include two- and three-phase Buckley-Leverett and the black-oil models and the capillary effects are neglected. Practical implications - The proposed scheme can be efficiently used for solving problems involving non-convex flux functions especially those experienced during gravity drainage process in hydrocarbon reservoirs. Originality/value - To the best of authors knowledge
 the blogosphere has become a prime arena within which fashion consumers reside online
 a new type of database
10.1109/RCIS.2013.6577692
 the other is personal hotspot. Motivated by this observation
 we propose PIXS (Programmable Intelligence for Cross-platform Socialization) - an open-source
 source provenance). This physical representation is built by using search to identify primary source data such as maps and other repositories of service provider network information. This data is then carefully entered into the database using a combination of manual and automated processes including consistency checks and methods for geocoding both node and link data. Atlas currently contains over 9.5K PoP locations and nearly 13.5K links for over 270 networks around the world. Customized interfaces were built to import a variety of dynamic (e.g.
 2013 ACM SIGCOMM Workshop on Hot Topics in Planet-Scale Measurement"
 response
10.1109/WETICE.2013.48
 while the type of organization sponsoring a site makes little difference. We also document the existence of certain ""superstar"" sites that attract disproportionate amounts of user content. Directions for future research and methodological issues related to the coding of diverse activity on complex sites and challenges to causal inference are also discussed. {\textcopyright} 2013 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 a diversity of topical domains
 School of Sociology and Criminology
 the precise method to effectively and efficiently analyzing opinion-contained sentences become crucially needed. Therefore this research made for method analyzing through lexical based and model based approaches by machine learning to classify opinion-contained tweets using those 2 methods. The tested machine learning method are Support Vector Machine (SVM)
 parenting and living together
 issued by the Tecent company in China
 we report a user experiment validating the fundamental assumption of using social interactions to index videos. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
"Science and Technology on Integrated Information System Laboratory
 scaling logarithmically with the number of radar nodes
 Facebook
"Computer Science and Engineering Department School of Science and Engineering
 we also find that
 without losing the achievable multiplex gain. We implement a prototype on software radios to demonstrate the throughput gain of MDMA. {\textcopyright} 2013 Authors."
 and Protocols for Computer Communication"
 asymptotic approximation analysis is performed to show clearly the diversity and coding gains of the three detection schemes. Through the analysis
 and the changes in the media system. This article investigates the diversity policy within a broad context of legal
 Engineering
 the semantic-related features
"Arizona State University
 costs can only be understood in relation to benefits
 we view a post in social media as an item and utilize collaborative filtering techniques to predict the rating for each post. The candidate friends are then ranked according to their informational utility for recommendation. In addition
10.1145/2484028.2484179
 our statistical model can be further enhanced by including these ad-hoc communities. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 for a given topic
10.1145/2484028.2484103
 these two novel schemes lead to significantly improved LDA topic models on Twitter content. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2013 ACM."
 or service networks. In such a diversity of information
 we take an important step towards understanding the characteristics of video sharing propagation in SNS
 the Tweet Propagation Model (TPM)
 such as social communications and video sharing. However
 we consider two emerging trends with high commercial interest: smart devices as access tokens (e.g.
 a sleep mode is used in order to save energy of the wearable wireless sensors and hence increase their lifetime. Copyright {\textcopyright} ACM."
 the YouTube user's all requested videos are within three hops of related videos. Then the three hops of related videos are regarded as a cluster and a user's request can be partly satisfied by other users who watch videos in the same cluster to lessen the capacity requested from clouds. Therefore the capacity migration for clusters is under the P2P (Peer-to-Peer) paradigm and a cloud-assisted P2P social media system is proposed. Secondly
 regardless whether he or she is at work or relaxing. Web pages
"City University of New York's Brooklyn College and Graduate Center
 matching
 aggregation cycles completed during simulation
 Australia
10.1177/0011392113488486
 we use nationally representative survey data from Japan
 while that of children is evident particularly given their frequent inter-ethnic encounters in public parks and playgrounds. On a theoretical level
 blood pressure and cardiac output. Heterogeneous wireless sensor network is considered which consists of a powerful High-end sensor (H-sensor) and several Low-end sensors (L-sensors). EKG is used for secure communication between nodes as it introduces plug and play capability in BANs. The process is made secure by applying HMAC-MD5 on EKG blocks. Key agreement is done by comparing HMAC of feature blocks between sensors resulting in a more secure network. The analysis is done by calculating the entropy of keys and checking the randomness of EKG data using NIST-randomness testing suite. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 1/f noise
 visual segmentation effects and clustering accuracy. And then this paper proposes the proposed method on Lung cancer database to divide it into three types of lung cancers. In addition this paper proves the superiority of the proposed methods by comparing the obtained classes with reference classes through Error Matrix. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 Japan"
 United States"
 I rely on European Union's Turkey progress reports and a recent analysis of religious Turkish media to support the argument. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 Newcastle University
 Brisbane
 regardless of that sector's comparative advantage
 Office KTK 349
 Recruit
 1997) is described. Johnson's concepts
 i.e. questioners
 (b) anticipating how majoritarian narratives rooted in ""colorblindness"" and deficit thinking would be employed as a means for obscuring and maintaining unequal access to scarce resources
 1995 rankings
 this social transformation also reconfigured the meaning of the shari'a and expanded the boundaries of communities with interpretive authority over its legal injunctions. The Iranian postrevolutionary experience highlights the fallacies of bifurcated conceptions of religion and politics and more specifically that of church and state. Through the examination of two important legislations on abortion rights and women's inheritance
 drawing on socio-constructivist principles
 and show how it has enabled and facilitated the adoption of model-based testing techniques in different business units in different sectors within SIEMENS. We also discuss some issues that come from the adoption of service-oriented architectures
"Department of Anthropology
10.1007/s10816-012-9167-y
 composed into workflows
 and enhanced political participation of both elites and villagers. The locals are simultaneously engaged in an identity politics to define their manifold identities along the lines of Chinese citizenship
 Faculty of Engineering
 as well as suggestions for the way forward in addressing aging issues. Needs identified include quality of life and social relations. Strengths included references to tradition and scripture. Challenges named referred to conflict both within and outside of the family. Finally
 the closed form expressions for BER performance of STFBC MIMO-OFDM systems are derived and evaluated for frequency selective block fading channels with MPSK constellations. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
"Department of Psychology
 high quality locations
"Institute of Information Systems
 the nature of the threat has changed and diversified. Non-state actors
 Asian
 a great amount of named entities extracted from YAGO were connected with corresponding AWN synsets. Also
 students first formed this preference and
 equally divided between firms that relocated (movers) and firms that did not (stayers)
 mental
 broad initiatives for science popularization
 Hillbrow remains a resilient port-of-entry neighbourhood to Johannesburg for many residents who desire to engage in local and transnational economies. Current debates on urban land markets
 'professional'
 Providence
 self-efficacy
 strong government intention to satisfy environmental needs is diluted in practice. Furthermore
 we present new analytical expressions for the outage probability
 economic
 we conducted random-effects meta-regression and ANOVA-analog meta-analyses to test the Andrews principles by averaging crime and drug use outcomes over a diverse set of programs for drug abuse problems. Results: For crime outcomes
10.1007/s11292-013-9178-z
 forgiveness of others
 establish such a European-level prosecution body
 or community)
 oscillate between low values and very intense mutations events. The distribution of the mutation rates suggests that the algorithm can be an efficient and yet simple and context-independent approach for the optimization of non-stationary fitness functions. This paper studies the mutation scheme of the algorithm and proposes a new strategy that optimizes is performance. The results also demonstrate the advantages of using the fitness distribution of the population for controlling the mutation. An extensive experimental setup compares the sandpile mutation GA (GGASM) with two state-of-the-art evolutionary approaches to non-stationary optimization and with the Hypermutation GA
 M age = 14.9 years
 as part of the process of 'multiplicity in the making'. We suggest how schools can foster more inclusive classroom practices
 in Primary 4. Yet
 ERIC and British Education Index) from January 1990 to February 2012. Data extraction was completed by two independent reviewers and included a quality assessment of each paper. A thematic analysis was conducted on all the included papers. Results: Thirty-nine studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria for the review. Six main themes emerged from the content of high and medium quality papers: 1) the attributes of positive doctor role models; 2) the personality profiles of positive role models; 3) the influence of positive role models on students' career choice; 4) the process of positive role modelling; 5) the influence of negative role modelling; 6) the influence of culture
 high-resolution
 with the aim of drawing attention to ideological differences that may currently account for the greater political fissures between the right and left wings in Spain compared to Portugal. Lastly
 and transnationalism
 we see that this is an important finding."
 Netherlands"
 it is possible to obtain distinct optimal communities where
 because current events information and political news is accessible via social media
 is a hybrid based recommendation approach made up of collaborative filtering
10.1109/PerComW.2013.6529508
 barcodes) technique. By linking human memory or experience with associated physical objects
10.1109/PerComW.2013.6529509
 that enables collaborative downloading across co-located peers. Unity uses short range radio interfaces such as Bluetooth/WiFi for local coordination
"2013 IEEE International Conference on Pervasive Computing and Communications Workshops
 and prevalence
 minimizing loss and destruction
"Computer Engineering Department
 the narration becomes two dimensional
 that is
 where approximate expressions for the outage probability as well as the diversity order and coding gain are derived and analysed. The Monte-Carlo simulations are provided to illustrate the validity of the analytical results and to show the tightness of the used SNR bound. Results illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed relaying schemes in reducing the required number of channel estimations and hence
 adopting techniques for offloading operations from mobile to more powerful cloud-based infrastructure
 CCGrid 2013"
"Cited By :4
10.1109/ICGHPC.2013.6533932
 we reveal the techniques that allow websites to track users without the need of client-side identifiers. Among these techniques
Proceedings - IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy
 opinionated and popular messages referring to the news article
10.1145/2487575.2487659
 repost (Twitter)
10.1145/2487575.2487614
 where clusters are formed around them. We show the better performance of our algorithms for diversity and coverage maximization by running experiments on real (Twitter) and synthetic data in the context of real-Time search over micro-posts. Finally we perform a user study validating our algorithms and diversity metrics. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2013 ACM."
 is used to capture the rate at which a user returns to an artist as a function of exposure to the artist. The analysis provides the first evidence of sponta- neous devaluation in preferences of music listeners. Better understanding of the temporal dynamics of this phenomenon can inform solutions to the similarity-diversity dilemma of recommender systems. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2013 ACM."
 Australia"
10.1109/ISSNIP.2013.6529765
 widespread best activities
 and how these interactions shape the representations of what a public library is. This case was chosen because the library has a recent and renowned building
 United States"
 doing so comes with two overheads: The replication storage and the traffic of maintaining replica consistency. Existing work focuses on the former
 it will examine how English notices conveying a similar message but written in different periods of the history of Hong Kong have been translated into Chinese and whether the translations are acceptable to the receivers of the target texts. Regarding the translation of notices from the government gazette
 but their GI contribution is not related. GIS knowledge was found to help raise students' awareness level of risk. However
10.1007/s10708-012-9456-8
 few data sources were available to allow researchers to develop advanced data-driven applications
 discursive structures
 IBM
"Laboratoire d'Economie et de Sociologie du Travail
 but that present the problem
 Australia"
 individuals in diverse communities possess equally sized (and active) but less neighbourhood-centric networks. However
 this paper examines attitudes towards local government amalgamation
 the article argues that a unique newsgathering process relying heavily on government sources for policy-relevant information
 McGill University
 T and Heywood
 little research has been done into how to integrate binary decoding with context managing and control without losing performance. In this work we propose a FPGA-based architecture that achieves real time decoding for high-definition video by sustaining a 1 bin per cycle throughput. This is accomplished by implementing fast bin decoding; a novel and area efficient context-managing mechanism; and optimized control scheduling. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 since the images to encode are already in the GPU
"Royal Holloway
 validity
 the Omega index
 Geert Wilders
 this article tests the robustness of network theory-and in particular
 policy iteration algorithm
 and prevaricator. Some speculations about national and cultural types of interviewees are also broached. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the importance of interpreting links in context
 Rider University
 system throughput of combined direct/cooperative communication is evaluated by exploiting the proposed analytical model based on the IEEE 802.11 MAC protocol. The feasibility of adopting either cooperative or direct communication is also studied in the analytical model. In terms of network throughput
 the outage probability
 and oppression. To enhance the study of ethnocultural variation in IPA research and to promote cultural competence
 McMaster University
 the article tracks the development of Jewish separatist consumption campaigns in interwar Palestine
 Radboud University Nijmegen
 with leisure pursuits
"School of Information Science and Engineering
 the experimental comparisons for the directed dimension spread CS and diversity dimension spread CS are given and different CS recovery algorithms are carried out to show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms in the dimension-restricted system. The diversity dimension spread CS outperforms the directed dimension spread CS for its effective dimension spread and diversity. The proposed algorithms can be directly applied in channel estimation and multiuser detection in overload system. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
"University of Pittsburgh
"Cited By :3
 Hungary"
 our expressions reduce to previously published well-known results for the Rayleigh as well as the Weibull fading channels as special cases. We present a set of numerical results which show the effect of fading severity of both the desired signal and the interferer on the performance. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 does not necessarily generate a coherent project of aesthetic exploration and result in a consistent visual poetics. In this article the author argues that there is still value in attending to the IG as a cultural research group that produced a visual culture that was simultaneously pluralist (and perhaps contradictory and conflicting) in style but collective in orientation and sensibility. {\textcopyright} The Author(s)
 Ferdowsi University of Mashhad
"College of Social Work
 and carefully study the behavior of inter-cluster relay switching and the trade-off among network lifetime
"Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering
"College of Agriculture
 respectively. For OFDM DF relay systems without diversity
 cultural and linguistic diversity and to the role of early childhood educators in enacting more inclusive pedagogies. Challenges yet to be addressed include the cultural understanding of Australian early childhood educators
 pre-event data for some investigations emerged from archival data and data from studies examining non-disaster topics. The nature and extent of the influence of risk and protective variables beyond disaster exposure are not fully understood due
 V and Chakraburtty
 cities
 in order to further increase the system throughput
10.1007/s11277-012-0903-0
 the cognitive revolution extends the human mind/cognition through information-processing machinery. These novel circumstances come with new qualities and preferences demanding new conceptualizations. We have some work ahead of us to establish value systems and practices extended from the real to the increasingly virtual/info-computational. This paper first presents a current view of the virtual versus the real and then offers an interpretation framework based on an info-computational understanding of cognition in which agency implies computational processing of informational structures of the world as an infosphere. The notion of ""good life"" is discussed in light of different ideals of well-being in the infosphere
"Florida Mental Health Institute
 we explore whether or not the holistic approach towards landscape in the spirit of the ELC actually affects Flemish design in practice. To this end
 (2) a critical appraisal of a recent publication dealing with the interpretation of the second chapter of Nāgārjuna's Mūlamadhyamakakārikā-s. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 the recent decline of the Indigenous community-controlled service sector and the disenchantment that sanctioned the Northern Territory Emergency Response
 with the exception of rural health studies
 seeking to understand its transformation from a state with very inclusive immigrant policies as late as 1999 to one currently adopting highly restrictive immigrant policies. To explain this trajectory
 where the node can effectively interact with its peers and perform self-control according to its own status and dynamic circumstance in a decentralized infrastructure. By introducing the hormone mechanism as the medium for information transmission and data sharing
 ages 8-11
10.1145/2485760.2485805
 making use of diverse data sets from different sources
 are most probably socially related. In this paper
 common knowledge sources like Freebase
10.1145/2484425.2484437
 the scopeless quantity words are intersective modifiers rather than quantifying determiners
 ETH Zurich
 including Hansard in the 18th century
 exposes the cultural fluidity that typified everyday colonial life and reveals how radio broadcasting politicized music and oral language in novel ways. Broadcasting-as a purely sonic medium-challenged the classificatory mechanisms of the French colonial state and the racial and ethnic boundaries that undergirded colonial society. In consequence
 and explain the relationship between language and society
 such as quality control and incentive design. In this paper
 rich in information from all fields of perception. Equally
 this study will demystify the insidious form of racism found in three news reports in The Star
 Iran"
 education and user interface agent. Many researches try to convert the process of drawing comic into the formula and algorithm. A realistic style comic is characterized by its detail-oriented and realistic presentation
 may offer a lens on discourses accompanying change in Australia
 and semantic annotation and search
 M and Champin
 openly available smart home datasets indicate variation in terms of performed activities
 and small-scale fading (multipath fading). In Fox channel modeling
 use cases
 the majority of the coverage concerns Fortuyn's populist right party LPF. Whereas at first the coverage of this party fits in the general picture of coverage on the far-right
 including asymmetry of social links. We address this problem by analyzing how users of the social news aggregator Digg adopt stories recommended by friends
 intersectional identifications and ""super-diversity"". Second
 and Occupy Wall Street)
 Jordan University of Science and Technology
 even more important
 through the Blocking Principle
 such as Facebook
 which leads to two ways of describing the construction process: either as a process of enrichment and/or reorganization of the cognitive structures at the mental level
 the articles provide a panorama of how today's multimodal media geographies and engaged actors reinscribe public cultures and politics in the Middle East. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2013."
 oppressed by years of authoritarian rule
 we first construct a corpus and build an emotion classifier based on Bayes theory
10.1007/s11432-013-4892-8
 the world's largest democracy
 delineating a space of possibilities for cultural memory-making by way of contemporary examples. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2012."
 a predominantly Catholic town with a population hovering around 9
 LLC."
 B"
 Universitat de Barcelona
 liberalization of society in general and the schooling system in particular. This article provides a 'state of the debate' of this tension in France
 noncooperative dynamic congestion control model under multi-session uni-path and autonomic congestion control strategy under uni-session multi-path. Specifically
 Sweden and Quebec) and from several theoretical and empirical perspectives. In this introductory article
"School of Education
 re-articulate long-standing debates about pornography in new mediated environments
 the experimental results illustrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 describing it
 thus supporting the validity of the proposed model of participation. Moreover
 as the immanentizing of the transcendent approaches a cataclysmic culmination
 becoming an architect retained its personal significance. Issues remain
 16 rue Atlantis
 but unrelated to father contact. Controlling for marital status and mother education
"Department of Electrical Engineering
 Belgium"
 LLC."
 three optimization problems are formulated to find the optimal set of secondary users participating in cooperation
 New York
 are viewed as proof of the commercial derailment and/or misplaced faith in microfinance's positive social and economic impact on the poor. This article engages with this debate through a study of the Nicaraguan micro-finance crisis. It challenges existing analyses that pin the crisis on agricultural over-indebtedness
 which degrade the recognition performance. Moreover
 including a fundamental choice between accepting foreign direct investment and pursuing unrestrained arms exports. Governments unwilling to sanction foreign ownership of their defense industries can have recourse to unrestricted exports; alternatively
 ICT entrepreneurs and other social forces in the post-industrial restructuring process. Importantly
 now deemed problematic. And it was on her watch that the New Right
"College of Information
 issued by five leading Muslim interest groups in the US
"MediaTek Inc.
 newspapers deliver different impressions for new knowledge because they inform readers about current events
 the article explores the launch Norwegian PSB niche channel for children NRK Super
 weighing simple path-dependency in the political culture against the impact of the contemporary economic crisis. It stands in for the pluralist democratic engagement of 1989 that should be saved under the new challenges of the contemporary crisis."
 we develop (1) a family of evaluation measures that take into account the diversity of the collection and (2) a meta-evaluation measure that explicitly controls for performance. We demonstrate experimentally that our new measures can achieve substantial improvements in sensitivity to diversity without reducing discriminative power. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and co-worker communication satisfaction. Results confirm that working professionals' Facebook linkage choices with other co-workers are best understood when embedded within a framework which provides a more complete understanding of the functioning of their privacy rules. Future research examining working professionals' social media privacy management practices when individual privacy norms contradict organizational privacy norms is discussed. {\textcopyright} 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
 tailored to meet the needs of numerous
 4072
 United States"
 not via computer interface. The demographics of the three samples differed
 GalSanRi 100
 because the correct state may not be available. Other methods utilize additional information by involving a teacher
 Melbourne
 OK
 Internet-based research has faced challenges in recruitment of diverse samples
 online victimization was associated with negative perceptions of the racial climate
 the study employs three large sets of data on Twitter use tagged as relevant for each of the election campaigns
 with the purpose of clarifying the different ways in which media pluralism can be pursued and achieved. The study reveals that although nearly all of the main European TV networks rely on a public-private structure
 Tampere University of Technology
 based on focus group interviews with key informants and organizational documents of the History Alive project. Results show that though the stage roles may be very different from their natural social roles
 as was the presence of non-kin ties. On the other hand
 which results in a very high within-class compactness and between-class separability of the extracted features. A principal component analysis is performed to further reduce the feature dimension. From our extensive experimentations on different palm-print databases
 following politics in diverse media outlets
 we assessed whether (1) network and psychosocial dimensions of individual social capital were each associated with depressive symptoms
 suggest that different aspects of network composition affect the flow of job information at different stages and thus by different mechanisms. {\textcopyright} 2013 Eastern Sociological Society."
 Environmental Sciences
10.1093/reseval/rvt001
"School of Communication
"Department of Leadership
 and between chemical bonds and communication links. Our goal is to gracefully match computers of different computing power to algorithms of different behavior (genetic algorithm and simulated annealing in this study)
 University of D{\""{u}}sseldorf
 Ubiquitous Wireless Communications Research Laboratory
 i.e. positions where they are able to gather the necessary resources for their core activities. The implications for research on diversity and for policymaking are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 more or less rigid discourses of national identity with emerging forms of 'banal Europeanism'. While focused on Austrian data throughout
 methodological and epistemological challenges
 a large minority report a wish to avoid native accents and use a neutral variety of English. The variability in the local appropriation of English reflects the transitional status of English in Norway
 foster diversification and the better use of the country's natural resource clusters
 respectively. Simulation result shows that the proposed QO-STFBC scheme has better performance than the other schemes
 LLC."
 and civic political involvement; and the relationship between their religious and Canadian identities. Our research is grounded in a positive and pluralistic politics of care
 we analyze the properties of delay space of Chinese Internet and show these properties can be readily exploited to select relay node with as small a cost as possible. Exploiting these properties we bring forward an efficient relay node selection scheme to improve the performance of P2P-based VoIP applications in Chinese Internet. Our intensive evaluation by trace-driven simulation shows our scheme is highly efficient and easy to be implemented. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 and embryonic environmental legislation has resulted in the continued degradation of a unique and important environment. Furthermore
 that these programs perpetuate traditional social constructions of prostitution
 including the misconception that others are not welcome and that heterosexual men will stay away for fear of being misidentified as gay. Countering this were stories about heterosexual men who had challenged their own assumptions about HIV health services and clinicians who viewed the changing demographics of their patient population as both a challenge and an opportunity. Taking account of the shifting meanings ascribed to HIV health services is essential in responding to the changing needs of the positive community and in understanding the new cultural politics of the waiting room. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 worker
 which is simultaneously attuned to contemporary Pan-Indigenous
 University of York
 which better account for good probability estimation than other evaluation measures. We present a series of findings that allow us to recommend several layouts for the use of calibration in classifier combination. We also empirically analyse a new non-monotonic calibration method that obtains better results for classifier combination than other monotonic calibration methods. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 behavioral and constraints analysis and in performing trade-off study. In addition
 inflected words with regular (possessive) morphology
 weighting methods
 drawing from the work of Bruno Latour to advocate an empirical attentiveness to the located and embodied material practices that produce equivalences between objects rendered in diverse media: stone
 strategies for continuing to advance the historic mission must transform. Moreover
 as well as couple/marital therapy occurs largely outside of the scope of degree granting programs and university settings. The American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy has a strong presence in Canada
 the family/contextual perspective has attained a valued respectability in the family legal system as well as in community interventions. Overall
10.1007/s10591-013-9241-y
 as suburbanization within countywide school districts creates distinct enclaves-where student populations are significantly whiter and more affluent than the district as a whole and political fragmentation is perpetuated-school board members representing elite enclaves may be less supportive of policies that would lessen the privilege of these residents. This paper explores school board leadership and policymaking in two Southern school districts where politics are currently in flux: Jefferson County (Louisville)
 to encourage volunteerism among aging baby-boomers
 1980)
 of dementia. At the same time the number of people in the age group which are most likely to provide unpaid care for the frail older population (people aged 50-64) will decrease as baby boomers themselves move into old age. The results point to a rise in the need for social care
 productive and meaningful lives. OASIS seeks to positively impact the older adults' lives-by partnering with other organizations to share knowledge; offer evidence-based programs; conduct evaluations; and adapt to meet the needs of diverse audiences. Today
 each node is satisfied with its final state and has no incentive to deviate
 Urbana
 doubts and fears in both Muslims and people of other faiths. Similar questioning is also evident within Muslim-majority countries. I propose suggestions for how improvements might be achieved
 labour and capital
 Renamo
 2008)) was charged with identifying key skills and competencies required by individuals in SMEs to ensure their future generation employability. What clearly emerged from this piece of work was the articulation of a range of diverse interventions
 2002). This study explores race and gender preference for black middle-class women in healthcare settings. The study uses in-depth interviews and focus groups to explore the experiences of thirty African American women between 38 and 67 in a large urban area. The majority of respondents expressed a strong preference for a female OB/GYN (of any race) while 9 preferred a female primary care provider (of any race). Although the women did not express an explicit race preference
 firstly
082 White Australian gay men living in five major Australian states whose profiles were listed on the website gaydar.com.au during October 2010)
 EDAs should be able to deal with competitive coevolution based on two asymmetric populations each consisting of self-interested agents. However
 codebook-based PFS scheme). However
 depending on projection scenario. So
 M"
 but instead
 each node directionally senses on both vertical and horizontal polarizations and dynamically adapts polarization that minimizes overall interference in the ad hoc network. Analysis is performed to establish relationship between vertically and horizontally polarized nodes in the network. Further
 continuous phase modulation (CPM) has gained increasing attention due to its favorable trade-off between power and bandwidth efficiency. Multi-h CPM recently appeared as a generalization of single-h schemes so as to further decrease the need for bandwidth expansion over the wireless channel. Despite the interesting characteristics of CPM
 we have become aware of the great diversity of formats used
 School of Education
 the route remaining lifetime cannot be analytically derived. Under these circumstances
 continuity
 medium
 Richard and Kamiejski
 a unique landscape
 development
 does not require accessing and scanning all relevant objects in order to find the best k results. Our Space Partitioning and Probing (SPP) algorithm works by progressively exploring the vector space
10.1145/2487259.2487262
"D{\'{e}}partement d'Anthropologie
 respectively
 Kenya. We find that to overcome the costs associated with Internet use
 qualitative analysis reveals numerous complex and interrelated motivations and justifications
 K"
 as well as the information on the uploader and commentators. In addition to introducing a novel edge weighting mechanism
 we propose a multiple rate multicast scheme that is applied to capture the effect of transmission conflicts on the wireless multicast throughput. This work exploits the diversity between users to provide an accurate and efficient method that enables each multicast transmitter
"Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering
"Monash University
"EURECOM
 such that the overall BER at the destination is no greater than a target BER constraint. Simulations are conducted to verify the accuracy of the BER analysis. The numerical results demonstrate the performance gain of cooperative relaying with adaptive modulation and selection combining. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
10.1109/ICCNC.2013.6504228
 and a more challenging task-sharing of an energy recharging station. Our results show that novelty search is unaffected by deception
 in combination with the ad hoc creation of infrastructure composed of virtual machine clusters built from resources contributed
 and that this occurs for individuals with diverse sexual values systems. This is discussed in terms of implications for terror management theory and cognitive models of media influence. {\textcopyright} 2013 Hogrefe Publishing."
 in this paper
10.1109/CSMR.2013.23
 i.e.; diversity
 we propose a Multi-Objective Diffusion Model (MODM) that allows the modeling of complex and nonlinear phenomena of multiple types of information exchange
"MIT Lincoln Laboratory
 they are unworkable because of their inability to specify this important feature. However
 specifically including longitudinal analyses on social media archives
 who are generally rated as being interesting and authoritative on a given topic. In this study
 which makes it distinct from e-learning
 were more likely to use it when feeling negative emotions and were more concerned about how others perceived them on Facebook. High attachment avoidance was related to less Facebook use
 societal prosperity has a negative relationship to network size. Findings are discussed in relation to social support
 and by a common set of rights-based demands. {\textcopyright} 2013 International Institute of Social Studies."
 food place
 perceptions of homogeneity
"Department of Mathematics
 we point to the advantages and limitations of a media answerability process. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2012."
"University of Antwerp
 denies the public the right to the information pluralism that is required for democracy to function. Los medios de comunicaci{\'{o}}n en Am{\'{e}}rica Latina se caracterizan por su alto nivel de concentraci{\'{o}}n en el mercado
 making them vulnerable to HIV-specific social isolation. In sum
 and education. Themes identified in transcripts showed women shared the same idea of an ideal body
 mobile donation helps to overcome age
 this paper compares and verifies the effects of Machine Learning Detection with updated data set to the former methods. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 even for fixed channels. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 but not to the extent of excusing those that perpetuate the domination of power over truth. This article suggests that the right balance can be struck with an open mind that is sensitive to differences of context
 Seoul
 experienced a major housing and commercial development
 New Media and performance studies
 Faculty of Engineering
 since veterans have other characteristics that are associated with higher employment rates. Female veterans appear to suffer a steeper employment penalty than male veterans
 it theorizes the modes of 'intimate exposure' these projects enact as forms of hospitality or Derridean 'hos(ti)pitality' potentially capable of welcoming diverse groups into a shared public space while at the same time foregrounding inequalities in need of redress. While the role of artistic projects in shaping culture should not be overemphasized
 shadowing
 compared to other existing adaptive FDE algorithms. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 we discuss the capacity behavior of the proposed scheme and compare with the baseline
 or caught up in
 (2) Design practices
 which is called the reversed Manifold mapping. We also demonstrate its correctness and convergence from a mathematical perspective. Image annotation and keywords correlation analysis are applied. Two groups of experiments are conducted: The first group is carried on the Corel 5000 image database to validate our method's effectiveness by comparing with state-of-the-art Generalized Manifold Ranking Based Image Retrieval and SVM
 multinational and multicultural teams
 the article highlights tensions between the unitary and pluralistic components of rational arguments and conflict resolution in organisational communication. Originality/value: The originality and value of the paper is its analysis and juxtaposition of the communication ethics of rational arguments used by scientists
 the highest form of the game was controlled by the National Hockey League (NHL)
 within the broader social context of Singapore. Within this culturally diverse landscape
 migrancy and otherness. Dodd situates works such as Rian Malan's collection of essays Resident Alien and Neill Blomkamp's science fiction blockbuster film District 9 in relation to the xenophobic attacks that swept through South Africa in May 2008. Kurgan goes on to reflect on the making of Hotel Yeoville. Developed in collaboration with a hybrid mix of professionals from across the African continent and the globe
 Budapest University of Technology and Economics
 and conclude with promising inroads for theoretical understanding and empirical investigation of how scholarly publishing and communication are evolving. {\textcopyright} The Author(s) 2013."
 PLA-MAC
10.1155/2013/205192
 it also brings responsibility for helping immigrants participate fully in American life and culture versus isolating themselves within ethnic communities. We propose an experimental multi-disciplinary framework that uses design thinking combined with perspectives from computer science
 MI  48109
 while the other one is shared simultaneously by the two relay-destination links. Moreover
 etc. They resolve syntax and semantic conflicts. The phenomenon of adopting domain ontologies by organizations creates a new type of databases
 LNCS 6841
 communicators
 foodways and cultural practices. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 and a diversity order of minimum of the number of BS antennas and the number of MSs. Moreover
"Centre for Behavioural Research
 and clearly outperforms the coded non-cooperation one under the same conditions. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the Fear of Missing Out scale (FoMOs); this study is the first to operationalize the construct. Study 2 recruited a nationally representative cohort to investigate how demographic
 Beijing 100084
 the process of memoing provides an immersion into and an exploration of the data
 transfer entropy can extract these social networks with a precision approximately 20 times higher than would be expected by chance. We'll discuss the algorithm
 and conclude with a discussion of the applicability of fluid user models to location based services
 and equal gain combining are used. These diversity techniques are used in various fading channel models like Rayleigh
 several collision-avoidance sensing approaches were investigated in the literature. However
 including cooperative preferences. In this paper the authors review quantitative results from the survey from earlier work (Poellhuber et al.) and present an analysis of the qualitative data gathered from open-ended questions in the survey. Answers to open-ended questions regarding the expectation and interest in using social software in their courses
 first
 incompetent
 we discuss some fundamental concerns needed to satisfy the inter-Cloud communication requirements in terms of reliability and availability. Finally
 intermittent change of connectivity. Traditional time division multiple access (TDMA)-based MAC protocols may not cover a dynamic VANET. In this paper
 we present simulations to measure the execution time to show the efficiency of our two improvements. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 RMIT University
 interfering operation cannot be completely avoided. Cooperative spectrum sensing (CSS) gives better detection by means of combining multiple sensing results. This paper investigates the extent of which P o is reduced as a result of implementing CSS in WRAN. The investigation is conducted for two different combining techniques: Equal Gain Combining and Selection Combining
"Cited By :29
"Centre for Law
 collaborative writing (84{\%})
10.1080/10401334.2013.770742
 expressive and diverse data sources
 Liverpool
 this information may support the progress of e-learning in business schools. At the same time
 boxplots and Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) tests document the performance of these types of entropies. The results show that BispEn outperformed the other three entropy measures. The ANOVA test shows that BispEn can sense modulated signals when the (SNR) is as low as -15 dB. This is at least a 5 dB improvement compared to the other entropies studied in this paper. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 a two-stage entropy-based cooperative spectrum sensing scheme using two-bit decision is proposed
 a user can decide attempting transitions between states
 the efficiency of DDU is very low as it conducts a large number of parameters to search good results
"Department of Political Studies
"" Statist. Inference Stoch. Process.
 cybertherapy (avatar therapy)
 University Drive
 LLC."
 through efficient transmission coordination on the busy tone channel
 less educated people and people less involved in existing social movements. Using logistic regression models
 and demonstrate their feasibility for community recommendations in dealing with sparsity-related limitations. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 313 Browning Hall
 which is able to achieve the highest system throughput given each user's channel environment. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 which can foster academic cheating and racial prejudices among Korean-Americans. In response
 patient-centered approach resulting in better patient-physician relationships that contribute to better health outcomes across the U. S. population. The authors illustrate their thesis and solution using a well-known case of cross-cultural dynamics taken from religion and medicine-Anne Fadiman's The Spirit Catches You And You Fall Down. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 and frequency domains to provide reliable and robust transmission in harsh wireless environment. Also
 we transpose the ST-TCM design rules into operations over the set of modulo-M integer numbers (Z M )
 Central and Eastern European participants in the Contest have engaged with cosmopolitanism as the key term through which Europe has come to define itself. Through a close
 if we follow the formal structures into which each film may be placed
 MDT-SWIR and MDT-SWOR
"School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
 LLC."
 LLC."
 urban living
 induce spatiotemporal ""software behavior encryption"" for moving target defense. The key principles of ChameleonSoft are decoupling functional roles from runtime role players; devising intrinsically-resilient composable online-programmable building blocks; separating logic
 to enhance the frequency diversity in multipath fading channel. The carrier-to-interference ratio (CIR) and common phase error (CPE) of the proposed ICI reduction scheme are derived and the BER performance of the proposed system is compared with the conventional ICI reduction methods such as adjacent data-conjugate (ADC) and symmetric data-conjugate (SDC) methods. Simulation results reveal that the proposed ICI reduction scheme provides an improvement in BER performance over a fading channel and it is also better than conventional ICI reduction techniques in the presence of ICI due to phase noise. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 including comics
 Military Technical College
 Ni{\v{s}} 18000
"Universidade Lus{\'{o}}fona de Humanidades e Tecnologias
 creating a sense of solidarity among diverse ethnic Indians and showing Indians as exemplary and superior to nationals from other developing nations
 affirmative evaluation of collective identity
 this work presents the design and implementation of negotiation agents that can optimize both price and negotiation speed (for the given preference settings of these parameters) under a negotiation setting of complete information. Then
 and is found close to the condition when channel state information is known to the channel. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 the closed-form approximations of the SEP over the AWGN channel and fading multichannels are expressed as a finite sum of exponential functions and a finite sum of MGFs
 in many clustering problems
 longitudinal evaluation of a dating violence initiative (50 {\%} female; 27 {\%} White
 education about Western civilization and the Enlightenment has come to be treated with increasing disdain at colleges and universities. There has instead been a considerable expansion of cultural and women's studies
042 9th and 10th grade high schools students were recruited and assessed in the spring of 2010
10.1007/s10964-012-9877-1
 multiform
 which advances the simple equation between consciousness and resistance. Furthermore
 Osku Branch
 by peers
 in regard to the role of democratic decision making at the college-level of governance where administrators may push for furthering market-driven agendas. This critical action research project highlights how two faculty assembly leaders facilitated participatory decision making as they re-conceptualized their leadership roles as team-based representatives
 in this work
 and the sites we bookmark and the people and organizations we choose to follow on Twitter. Sometimes we explicitly choose our filters; some we hardly even notice. Critics worry that
 CSCW"
 limited time
 we utilize survey data collected from a sample of non-academic university staff (N=666)
10.1145/2441776.2441913
 regularity
10.1145/2441776.2441810
 users in our sample who sent multiple tweets tended to increase the ideological diversity in news they shared within two or three tweets
"University of Pittsburgh
 destroy the skew-symmetric properties of the convection operator. Recovery of skew-symmetry can be efficiently achieved by the use of over-integration. Moreover
 Toledo
 close examination of their writings does not reveal similarity but instead much divergence
 formal and linguistic variables in the acceptance or objection to certain messages. The study can be identified with the models of basic and applied investigation: basic
 we conducted a network
 bait-techniques
 COMSNETS 2013"
 there is no comprehensive comparative analysis of their network-level performance in a realistic SINR (signal-to-interference-and-noise ratio) setting with multiple network flows. In this paper
10.1109/COMSNETS.2013.6465574
 however
 designed as one element of a national transmedia campaign to increase milk consumption
 activists
 experiential) and bidirectional transitions among these forms
 subsidies)
 engage with the self and other
 7703 Floyd Curl Drive MSC 7795
10.1007/s10896-013-9493-1
"Laborat{\'{o}}rio de Sistemas de L{\'{i}}ngua Falada (L2F) - INESC-ID Lisboa
 based on a review of the postmodern literature
 a quadratic cross entropy for uncertain sets is investigated. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 in order to improve the relevance of the results obtained from the search engine and feedback users with a new perspective of the sought issues to guide the further information seeking process
 McGill University
 colleagues
"Ground Engineering
 Study 1 confirms that a demobilizing effect of hostile networks can only be observed for lower levels of social trust. Study 2 replicates this finding with an online survey addressing the underlying mechanism in a mediated moderation analysis. It is shown that social trust fuels behavioral expectations about how others will react to dissent. These expectations
 within the developing world. This paper asks us to re-consider the ontologies of the digital world in light of the cultural beliefs
 three main themes emerged from the triangulation of data: (1) sociocultural capital through group ownership; (2) safe space for creative expression; and (3) developing a sense of community with diverse voices. These young people exercised their collective voice toward pro-social actions by writing and producing their stories and showcasing their works at community screenings. They hoped that their videos would promote individual and community transformations. Building on youth development
 nodes' social relations are reasoned and quantified from multiple perspectives based on the summary of social characteristics of mobile nodes and the definition of different decision factors. Then the location factor
10.1016/j.jnca.2012.12.004
 being the country where the writer had been involved in communication and media scholarship before moving to South Africa. {\textcopyright} 2013 Intellect Ltd Article. English language."
 it will address the modes of production of these announcements
 an exploratory video news sentiment analysis case study
10.1108/13287261311322576
 Modelling {\&} Simulation (M{\&}S) of large crowds at individual level has long been placed in the highly computation intensive world. This study adopts GPGPU to sustain massively parallel M{\&}S of a confrontation operation involving a large crowd. This approach enables investigation of a crowd consisting of tens of thousands individuals whose size was prohibitively large for conventional M{\&}S technique to support. Experimental results indicate that the approach is efficient in terms of both performance and energy consumption. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media
 X"
 as a consequence
 Ithaca NY
 re-made
 in relation to the former
 Maltepe University
"Department of Electrical and Computer Systems Engineering
 and our solution outperforms existing sub-optimal solutions that can only achieve much lower network capacity. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York {\&} Science Press
 but also have fewer zero entries in its codeword matrix than CIODs and GCIODs. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 which is also an important provider of stability drawn from nationalism
 Blacks
 as well as the perceived role of Canadian law. As such
 LLC."
 supported by agroecological skill-sharing and alternative marketing. This article examines four peasant organizations in this movement
 these parameters are the population and neighborhood shapes. We propose in this work two innovative cGAs with new adaptive techniques that allow removing the neighborhood and population shape from the algorithm's configuration. As a result
 2006). Meanwhile
 Southern Taiwan University
 discovered hanging from a wardrobe in a Thai hotel in 2010
 Bluetooth
10.1007/s11227-011-0693-2
 reckoning process regarding these factors is ascertained. It must be said that the remarked criteria and their amounts for HAPS gateway links are unprecedented. The simulation parameters are well organized based upon International Telecommunication Union and World Radiocommunications Conferences periodicals. The aim of this article is to shed more light on the associated facets of the HAPS network spectrum and their impressions on HAPS and FSS networks coexistence. The assessments have been performed for HAPS gateway links in the 5
"Centro de Estudios Internacionales
 and teacher-rated academic skills
10.1037/spq0000016
 in the Russian corpus
 special attention is paid to the added value of QCA and specific innovations introduced in the mini-symposium. This essay contrasts the conventional template for conducting social inquiry and the alternate template provided by configurational
 A and Rezs{\""{o}}hazy
 predictive relationships even for pairs of users not linked in the follower or mention graph. We suggest that this measure makes large quantities of previously under-utilized social media content accessible to rigorous statistical causal analysis. {\textcopyright} 2013 ACM."
 we analyze three different aspects of user profiling: (i) selecting the most informative events from the interaction between users and the system
 (ii) election prediction and polling
 balanced label propagation
 we try to study this principle deeply based on the behavior modeling. We study how one expands her egocentric network via her friends
 directed and signed graphs and their properties. Next we offer a thorough review of fundamental methods for graph clustering and community detection
 Microsoft
 we argue that educators interested in the potential of new media must devote considerable attention to both the variety and reliability of new media outlets
' employ multilingual staff
 we firstly propose the unit QoE per Watt
10.3837/tiis.2013.02.003
 as more diversity regarding sexual orientation in African American families emerges
"Dpto. de Matem{\'{a}}ticas y Computaci{\'{o}}n
"Research Centre for Languages and Cultures
 such as affective responsiveness and involvement
"Department of English and Languages
 the wait time at the control channel is reduced
 it is important to study African American pre-service physical education teachers' student teaching and field-based experiences with ethnically diverse adolescence (e.g.
"Division of Instructional Communication
 and detects the core communities through random walkers according to predefined thresholds at first. Because the threshold random walkers start from the active seed nodes and only randomly walk to those nodes which association degrees are larger than a given threshold
 Latino
 and examines their mentoring and career counselling needs. Recommendations for career counselling and university programming are discussed. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht."
 as well as the impact of relay's power allocation factor in 3TS PNC scheme. {\textcopyright} Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013."
 and providing an example of how to age. This study offers an alternative perspective on the well-documented negative consequences of caring for an older person
 while complicated joint iterative decoding is implemented only at the data collector. The proposed DMSCTC scheme achieves extra distributed coding gain and cooperative spatial diversity without introducing extra complexity burden on the sensors by transferring the complicated joint decoding process to the data collector. With the proposed scheme
"Institute for Man-Machine Interaction
 room for identity-supportive interactions
 questionnaire responses and transcribed interviews. We analyse how using Thunder in this setting re-mediated conventional activity structures in terms of interactivity
 the label-node relationship is not well protected by pure structure anonymization methods. Furthermore
 descriptive analysis of sexting behavior within a cohort of young adults
 and the implications merit close empirical scrutiny. The probability of message reception can be increased by citizens' propensity to seek out issue positions online and by diffusion through low-threshold activities by supporters; the probability of message acceptance can be augmented by video and the targeting of content; finally
"Dipartimento di Matematica e Informatica
"School of English
 an international news event with local implications
 and in the context of migration to 'multicultural' Australia. This paper argues that publishers
 which addresses ideological concerns regarding diversity
"UiL OTS
 ownership and media
 it is necessary to oversample a received signal that leads to larger power consumption in the terminal side. In this paper
 and improve robustness against channel estimation errors as well. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 based on a Logical Framework with Side Conditions (LFSC). We describe the framework and show how it can be applied for flexible proof production and checking for two different SMT solvers
10.1007/s10703-012-0163-3
"R and D Department
"ECE Department
"Department of Wireless Communications
 and to support students with AS. The author calls attention to the ongoing problematics of defining AS and illustrates how disability studies in education helps reframe AS in diverse ways
 LLC."
 thus achieves better spatio-frequency resource management and near-optimal cognitive throughput performance. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 existence statements appear to reflect the distinction between endurance and perdurance as well as particular notions of abstract states and of kinds. Linguistically
 modified game theory is adopted to reach a near Pareto optimal solution while avoiding bandwidth inefficiency. This approach can make the system more responsive to the current network situation. With a simulation study
 assuming the knowledge of source-relay CSI at the source node
 and channel's multipath intensity profile as average signal strength and rate of average power decay and their effects on the BER performance of DS-CDMA cellular systems. In this paper
 the impact of the medium of instruction (MOI) on students' linguistic
 and educational position of the minority groups due to long history of monolingual top-down policy and the covert or implicit language policy that promotes teaching of English from the early grades are the major intransigent forces affecting the use of local languages in school. I argue that it is important to look at the ideological and implementational challenges of local languages as the MOI from the local actors' perspectives to understand the gap between policy and practice. {\textcopyright} 2013 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
 India"
 Facultad de Educaci{\'{o}}n
 while challenging for teachers
"Department of Communication
 Rasmussen (Becoming subjects: sexualities and secondary schooling
 3-14-1 Hiyoshi
 thereby providing uncertainty measures for such epistemic representations. There is also a comparison with the results of the measure AU developed within Dempster-Shafer theory in a few instances where unordered convex credal set theory and Dempster-Shafer theory overlap. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 user interest data recorded in computer logs is uncertain data. First of all the definition of uncertain interests are put forward. Then
 and considers its meanings
 when there are limited number of users and channel noise is dominant
 13 {\%} African American
 more decentralized
 received from different diversity paths for MRC receiver. We also study the power allocation problem in a multi-hop multi-branch system with MRC receiver. In generalized Gamma fading environments
 nor is it in all cases a direct indicator of economic inequality. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 it is possible to design new
 this paper points towards an alternative way to think about publics by proposing a pragmatist reorientation of the public/private distinction in web science
 a low percentage of students and instructors use them for educational purposes. It appears there is limited usage of social media in the academic world. This study therefore investigated age
 (2) non-organizational aspect of SMS
"Miguel Hern{\'{a}}ndez University
 we show the feasibility of the proposed models. We find that real-world news diffusion in social media can be better explained by direct than indirect diffusion between different types of social media
 and tips with their peers. Recognizing the role of mothers as decision-makers in their families
 ASONAM 2013"
 to determine patterns of behavior in relation to their use of new social media. The data reveals that certain behavior traits that have been consciously adopted or changed and that the new media has inadvertently created a line of confusion between the formal and informal communication and behavior. {\textcopyright} 2013 IADIS."
 prefixed with the symbol '{\#}'). In particular
 University of Leicester
 such as Japanese
 13 Computing Drive
 the paper presents a quantitative analysis of the lexical diversity of social media text
 curricular interests in common
"Proceedings of the International Conference on Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering
 such as their first and last names. Furthermore
 Proceedings of the Main Conference"
"Electrical Engineering Department
"Sydney Institute of Criminology
 we propose a novel music recommendation approach that utilizes social media tags instead of ratings to calculate the similarity between music pieces. Through the proposed tag-based similarity
 namely
 is an example of user-driven innovation and of how Indigenous voices are emerging strongly in the rapidly evolving digital landscape. Its founder
 passively and preserving privacy. A total of 69 Computer Science freshman students were surveyed for symptoms of heavy Internet usage
10.1109/ANTS.2013.6802883
 microblogging behavior is bounded by main business and work culture
 and other national institutions. Each was nominally committed to developing free enterprise-based economies and democratic governance. The article discusses the press after they became part of the U.S.S.R.
 although are radically very diverse in topics
 methodology
 a research problem is to identify metrics that could characterize emergent phenomena such as conformism or diversity in individuals? preferences for consumer products or political ideologies [10]. With these metrics available
 on 3 May
 serendipitous
"Department of Information System and Computing
 with no repository being inherently more important or central. These sideways flows are a relatively new concept. Developers on the Linux project
 RELENG 2013 - Proceedings"
 referred to as T Flow
 blogs
 Chinese Academy of Sciences
 we used a random sample of 2
 Vellore
 such as images
 Springer-Verlag Wien."
 and filter the little possible readable updates of friends from their News Feed sites. We conduct a simulation to evaluate our design. Results show significant performance for storage saving and high filtering rate. {\textcopyright} 2014 IEEE."
 studying and designing Technology-enhanced learning at work. From 13 case studies
"Advanced Media Laboratory
 diverse perspectives
 Stanford
 and asks two main questions: (1) to what extent do discussion threads resemble a topical hierarchy? and (2) Can discussion threads be used to enhance Web search? We show interesting results for these questions on a very large snapshot several sub-communities of the Reddit Web site. Finally
 from a pilot study of 17 real estate agents show a significant negative correlation between 'efficiency' and performance providing partial support for the hypothesis. These results are promising by paving the way for future studies to use social network metrics to capture system-level interactions that emerge in complex social systems. This has significant implications for future development of a practical managerial toolkit for project professionals in an increasingly complex world. Copyright 2013 ACM."
 the traditional mechanisms of P2P streaming systems are suboptimal
 we analyze data from LinkedIn
"University of North Carolina at Charlotte
 mobility type
 strict request rate limiting from OSN providers
 propose k-histogram-inverse-l-diversity (KH-inv-LD for short) anonymity to protect sensitive label information
10.1109/WISA.2013.50
 we find that BEK infectious accounts are characterized by tweets with an entropy lower than 4.5
 the largest
 LLC."
 a large urban settlement inhabited throughout the crisis. Before the crisis
 problems posed for parental surveillance and the domestication of mobile media within peer groups. All of these are viewed in the context of broader societal change
 we examined what kinds of risks and benefits exist in context information sharing situations and how users control them. An experiment was conducted using stimuli that simulate the actual use of SNS to investigate the effect of various context types and control types on users' expected benefit and risk and their intention to share. The results showed that both expected benefit and expected risk influenced users' intention to share. More interestingly
 we take a first step towards the real-world applicability of peers' long-term relationship through a measurement based study. We find that 95{\%} peers cannot even meet each other again in the BT networks; therefore
10.1109/TNSM.2012.091912.120243
 which raises questions about the fragmentation of potential audiences
 we
10.14778/2536258.2536272
 an emergent research field explores how to include relationships and node attributes in an integrated clustering process. In this paper
 Hungary"
 J and Sebok
 Nobelstra{\ss}e 12
 IGI Global."
 and supports group-level activities for collaborative mobile e-health. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our proposed system."
 H C B"
 Pontif{\'{i}}cia Universidade Cat{\'{o}}lica Do Rio Grande Do sul (PUCRS)
 Rutgers University
 there is a competition over a user's timeline
10.1145/2492517.2500243
 the Linear Threshold Model and the Independent Cascade Model. The proposed strategy is evaluated through experiments on a collaboration network and a who-trust-whom online social network
 (3) users utilize communication channels for different purposes according to their networking activity level (conveying simple information vs. building sophisticated inter-relationship)
 2010). Critical deliberative journalism is issue-based and includes diverse and even unpopular views about the community good and encourages an expression of plurality. In a Pacific context
 we use two different corpora consisting of news articles
 Simon Fraser University
 Berlin
 if somewhat hesitant about its implementation and likely effects. {\textcopyright} 2013 Taylor {\&} Francis."
 we derive a new syntactic criterion for parametric uniformity and develop an algorithm that transforms any FO-PCL knowledge base R into an equivalent knowledge base(Formula presented.)that is parametrically uniform. This provides a basis for a simplified maximum entropy model computation since for this computation
 conditions on E(Kt(x{\{}pipe{\}}f(x))) that imply that f is a weak one-way function
10.1007/s00224-012-9418-z
 which are useful measures of variability and information in terms of uncertainty
 Los Angeles
 video diaries or user-generated content. It is time to re-evaluate these practices that so far have been marginal to media history. This article aims to open the space for new perspectives on the history of amateur media by tracing the changing relations between new technologies and different uses of amateur film and video. Charting why and how people choose to use specific technologies at particular moments and how economic
 social network site usage and greater levels of engagement. These findings imply that although Internet usage alone is unlikely to transform existing patterns in political participation radically
 based on properties of immediate neighbors
COSN 2013 - Proceedings of the 2013 Conference on Online Social Networks
 Italy
 and generational interests in such ""cyber-anarchist"" networks. I sketch the economy of knowledge in recent media arts and technology communities of practice in the wake of Open Source. I use as my lens the experience of creating a responsive media space called the TGarden
 University of the Basque Country
 we give an efficient deterministic algorithm for Spencer's six standard deviations result (Spencer in Trans. Am. Math. Soc. 289:679-706
 Bloomington
"Cited By :12
 the social graph is fed with the data extracted from the Facebook profile of the student
 embrace of certain hallmarks of ""alternative journalism
 has been generated from diverse sources. Most of this information exists separately and is disorderly even if some of it is about the same person
 Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences - ISPRS Archives"
 International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (www.ifaamas.org). All rights reserved."
 visiting a city
 with enabling city-wide ubiquitous computing as the aim
 State University of New York
 we conducted experiment on the Extended Epinions dataset
 and when it comes to specific conditions
 this paper presents a novel algorithm that ensures transmission of a quality image file using pre-defined compression ratio and simulated over wireless standards e.g. OFDM. For ensuring quality delivery
 and other microblogging subgenres. If we take Twitter as a large and varied dynamic collection
 with MPEG-2 TS and RTP of conventional broadcasting systems. This comparison shows that MMT is the most effective media transport method for next-generation broadcasting systems. We also consider how to implement MMT in broadcasting systems. This study shows that a TLV multiplexing scheme in broadcasting systems is the most efficient way to carry IP packets containing MMT packets. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 and the scarce reference to a wider European context. Finally
10.1080/17512786.2012.740239
 TV
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 Budapest
 biology and computer science. The recent availability of large amounts of network data has thus provided a unique opportunity to develop models and analysis tools applicable to a wide range of scenarios. However
 these approaches naturally require the availability of a wide amount of these user preferences. This may represent an important limitation for real applications
10.1145/2414425.2414439
 Ivo Burum."
 so it becomes new Web language. In recent year
 feedback speed
"Freie Universit{\""{a}}t Berlin
 Donna Duellberg
 Innsbruck
 higher complexity and higher security
 audience profile
 is used to inductively propose three categories of shaming and to give some examples of the ways in which shaming is performed. The core of the paper is a theory driven analysis in which the performativity of shaming in investigative TV-journalism is analysed in the light of some converging media and societal trends."
 informal learning tasks conducted in the framework of connectivism. This study presents a ready-made scenario of m-learning activities that demonstrate that cultural awareness is often biased by personal perspectives and stereotypes. Conducting such activities results in the change of learners' attitudes toward other cultures
 administrators
 a community of 7000 people most of whom still speak some form of endangered Arb{\""{e}}resh
 the media constructed a defensive gastronationalism which served as a political tool to reinforce French identity within national borders
 political representation in the tabloid press is more personalized than in quality papers
 while those with more widespread access to mass media were more likely to oppose the war and their nations likely to contribute fewer troops to the Coalition. {\textcopyright} 2012
 and make their own contributions. The things are intelligent in the sense that they aggregate information provided by users and behave in a socially active way. They can autonomously establish social relationships on the basis of their properties and their interaction with users. Hence when a user gets in touch with a thing
 V and Demichelis
 this effect diminished as classroom ethnic diversity increased
 University of Nottingham
 towards meeting these goals. A main problem that arises in such a setting is the high diversity of the incoming data
 Systems
 we show that our approach yields improvements over a state-of-the-art technique on several social tagging datasets."
 decoupled from details such as protocols
10.1145/2535372.2535393
 we propose a simple
 yet separate
 All Rights Reserved."
 threshold models
10.1145/2492517.2492634
 P.O. Box 9104
 which enables cooperative transmissions among multiple TDMA users to improve the probability of success of packet transmissions. Specifically
 Faculty of Engineering
 and analytical procedures. {\textcopyright} 2013 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group
"Cited By :2
 the approximate communication technique achieves this property at the PHY layer without consuming any additional network or spectrum resources (apart from a minimal signaling overhead). Approximate communication is particularly useful to media delivery applications that can benefit significantly from unequal error protection of data bits. We show the usefulness of this method to such applications by designing and implementing an end-to-end media delivery system
 Wergelandsveien 7
10.1007/s10734-012-9582-8
 which creates a distinct structural formalism in this specialized type of journalism and makes its evolution over time relatively stable."
 which we
 which through journal publications
 we use each cluster's members as seed items in order to construct an item consumption network. Then
 the fifth is rejected
 the probabilistic models are constructed by training HMM. Finally
 regardless of their physical location. As such
 recommendations to instructors and researchers for the implementation of online discussion activities. {\textcopyright} 2013
 newer content may be poorly searchable; live video need not apply. We envisage video-sharing services for live user video streams
 text POS analy sis
 we show that the recognition task may benefit from systems trained on a combination of in-domain and out-of-domain data. Working with tandem HMMs
 J and Renals
 Batchelor
"Derr
 rules
 spatial experience and interaction. Existing spaces that are available locally have the infrastructure and advantages to be created in such manner
 alongside studies of other sources of political information and commentary
 with a legislative mandate calling on broadcasters to ""reflect"" Canada's ""multicultural and multiracial nature"". This quantitative study sets out to examine that assumption. A content analysis of Canada's three national
 an issue that has led TVE to implement a number of reforms and counter-reforms in the period from 2006-2012. Regarded as a symbol of the public service duty of stateowned broadcasters
 our interdisciplinary artistic research focuses strongly on the ontological shift from game design as experience design towards the playful construction of facts as artistic strategy
 popular culture appears not as the memory of past thinking about law
 we attempt to lay bare some of the tendencies in the different approaches and argue the case for building on these differences in our work rather than seeing them as paradigm contests. We suggest that it would be more generative to the field to acknowledge the richness and diversity of these different traditions
 the extraction of interesting content has become a necessity. Web mining came as a rescue for the above problem. Web content mining is a subdivision under web mining
 in the religious cartoons we sampled
 video streaming
"University of Witwatersrand
 as national boundaries are mutually re-constituted through the process in which cross-border cultural flows and encounters are promoted in a way to accentuate an inter-nationalised form of cultural diversity. {\textcopyright} Koninklijke Brill NV
 Faculty of Social Sciences
 28 ground penetrating radar (GPR) profiles were acquired using a 270 MHz shielded antenna to validate the satellite radar remote sensing results. The GPR profiles reveal very clear hyperbolic shapes at 1.5 m depth with one of them showing a large hyperbolic shape-like structure
10.1016/j.jas.2012.12.019
 especially for a large social group activity
 Career and Higher Education
 collaborative and cooperative learning are positively associated with students' advanced e-skills. {\textcopyright} 2013
 Spain"
 LLC 2011."
 the decomposability property of these indicators have allowed for the identification of those regions (or states) and decisions categories that have contributed more than others to the total disempowerment of women. {\textcopyright} 2013
 and plural pronouns. (iii) When the antecedent is existential
 Cardiff University
 in an ethnographic study
 an empirically validated and reliable measure designed to assess dimensions of a campus' religious
 there are important elements of value in traditional audience research that need to be kept
 and unemployed (81. 8 {\%}). Participants primarily received assistance from Medicaid (86. 5 {\%})
10.1007/s10560-012-0276-y
 Los Angeles
"University of Tokyo
"Department of Political Science
"School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering
 and suicide as an elephant in the church. Results reveal that participants acknowledge the existence of suicide within the African American community
"Department of Counseling
 operationalization of faultline strength. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 e-health
 G V and V{\'{a}}zquez
 University at Albany SUNY
 and explores the attitudes
 nine themes related to the conceptualization of masculinity were revealed. Results suggested that positive male role models
 in engaging with this mobility
 Australia"
 Saudi Arabia"
 paying special attention to questions related to science education. My aims are (1) to provide science educators and others concerned with the teaching of biology with an accessible overview of the philosophy of biological classification and (2) to show how knowledge of the philosophy of classification can play an important role in science teaching. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 electronic records management
"Geography Division
 which displayed a lack of diversity especially during the Communist period."
10.1080/13183222.2013.11009110
 Los Lobos's 2006 album
 nonetheless
 University of Pavia
 Penang
 and video/audio/image processing. Several academic researchers from diverse areas ranging from the social sciences to computer science have embraced crowdsourcing as a research area
 which is increasingly dominant in the media
 which is called CoopMAX
10.1109/TVT.2012.2230281
 University of KwaZulu Natal
 we present a novel precoder based on singular value decomposition (SVD) using feedback of weight values in an RBF environment. For achieving performance improvement in the femto cell environment
 alternative fuels
 many European governments have begun re-developing their policies on migrant incorporation
 LLC."
 Philadelphia
 and self-reported religiousness found that Self-Directing and Deferring religious coping styles were risk factors for conduct problems; there was no relationship between Collaborative religious coping and conduct problems. The findings from the study provide additional support for the importance of considering religiosity
 mirroring but reversing John Rawls' account of religion's impropriety in that context
"NHK Science and Technology Research Laboratories
 facilitating students' learning and cooperating with workplaces. The participants of the change laboratories experienced it as a good instrument for their intercultural work. Based on the results
 and CPS applications can be found in diverse industry sectors
"" provides a description of each recommended item's newness and states whether each item contains an element of surprise. In this paper
 including interdisciplinary research. I distinguish different kinds of pluralism that philosophers have endorsed in the context of explanation in biology
 an often-passionate minority argued for the potential of cyberlearning to encourage a shift away from content-delivery paradigms. The participants' spoke from a variety of perspectives about cyberlearning including as educators
 perceptions of effectiveness and diversity capacity. Empirical findings were reported thematically and highlighted the complexity of the issue. Key curriculum findings revealed variability in the depth of pre-service teacher preparation for cultural diversity and a conceptual development of sociocultural competence. Pedagogical findings reported three types of activity
 a novel Reputation-based Load-balancing Network Selection Strategy for heterogeneous wireless environments
 devised to replace the ""mixed"" systems that prevailed in the predemocratic period. Both
 which we integrate as features for learning to rank query suggestions. To validate our approach
 type of criticism
"Department of Computer Science
 and policies that have been implemented to support grandparent caregiving in the U. S. Keeping in mind the similarities and differences between the two societies
 Norman
 interests
 the most contributive instance
10.1007/s11042-013-1707-2
 and other school personnel across eleven schools from 3 different regions of the United States. Almost all of these schools served low-income and ethnically diverse communities. We describe general impressions of parent engagement
 the stakeholders perceived that the government's internationalization policy to date has contributed to the international competitiveness of Korean universities by and large in a quantitative manner. Their views however signaled that the government should consider the quality and identity of Korean higher education institutions when designing and implementing internationalization policy. Based on the implications that the findings have in the policy context
 the influence of family status on LS disappeared almost completely. Overall
 exploring)
 the source base/enhancement data and their own parities in the proposed method are not transmitted together but are transferred over different paths. Therefore
 which includes attention to how particular instances of intersubjectivity have a history in previous interactions and a future in related activity. Using two illustrative cases
 a more detailed introduction of fuzzy-set method (fs/QCA) is followed. This study suggests that fs/QCA is a unique and useful method for comparative social policy. It advances quantitative analysis by exploring cases configurationally and also advances the qualitative analysis by applying the fuzzy set logic and the principle of calibration. {\textcopyright} 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."
 and depressed mood
033 youth (Mage = 12.56; SD = 3.02) from two southeastern states. Group differences on self-reported fear scores were analyzed using descriptive discriminant analysis. The results revealed statistically significant differences in five select fears among our racially diverse study sample. Gender differences-with girls reporting greater rates of fears than boys-were evidenced in our study sample as well. Fear differences among the sample included highest animal and death and dying fears for the African American youth
 it maintains and adjusts a Sliding Rate-Selection Window for each individual mode
 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 12-17 years old) were interviewed and divided into two groups: generalist teachers (cr{\`{e}}che and 1st cycle) and specialists in different subjects (2nd and 3rd cycles and secondary). The results showed a higher occurrence of biocentric perceptions in all teachers (more significantly in those from the 1st group). Comparatively
 mixed-income neighborhoods. The paper concludes by suggesting strategies that could be employed to help promote walkable
 SD = 1. 71) provided self-report responses regarding their use of supportive parenting behaviors
 and depression in a sample of rural and ethnoracially diverse youth (N = 211; ages 10-13). Thirty-three percent of participants reported being victims of traditional bullying and 9 {\%} reported perpetrating traditional bullying behavior. Seven percent of participants were victims of cyber bullying
10.1007/s12310-013-9104-6
 pain management
 in times of radical reforms such as the present
 specifically their control of resources employed in negotiations with faculty job candidates. The study asks: What determines the degree of decision autonomy power possessed by department heads; and
 education and speaking English or French at home are positively related with earnings
 and administration. An adaptation of existing solutions shall be avoided to find a particular digital education profile in the field of the university context. Education by extended the existing BSc.
 which together with a pyramidal approach can achieve efficient wide-area aerial image matching. However
 Routledge
 does not necessarily indicate the existence of shared knowledge among the members of the consensus community. I address the question of under what conditions it is likely that a consensus is in fact knowledge based. I argue that a consensus is likely to be knowledge based when knowledge is the best explanation of the consensus
 high neighborhood cohesion attenuated the association between within-neighborhood discrimination and externalizing. The discussion centers on the implications of proximal stressors and neighborhood cohesion for African American adolescents' adjustment. {\textcopyright} 2012 Springer Science+Business Media
 these different meanings enable different forms of exercising societal power. The approach is inspired by systems theoretical reading of discourses. {\textcopyright} 2013
 and how leaders in higher education view the role of the CIO. The findings indicated the need for CIOs to have multidimensional personalities
 University of Aberdeen
"The University of Western Ontario
 the primary audience of these shows
 ""Term orientation""
 sequences
 data sources
 and the effect among diverse students. In a California district
 popularity
"Department of Mechanical Engineering
 we treat the groupId/clusterId as a hidden variable and use a permutation-based structural topic model called KMM. Through this model
 had significant impact. The more religious the students the greater weight they afforded culture and society versus science
 and even partitioned themselves in relative peace
 economically disadvantaged
"Cited By :4
 Bernoulli Naive Bayesian
 using the actual data recently obtained from the NTCIR-9 INTENT task. Our main experimental findings are: (1) The D {\#} evaluation framework used at NTCIR provides more ""intuitive"" and statistically reliable results than Intent-Aware Expected Reciprocal Rank; (2) Utilising both intent popularity and per-intent graded relevance as is done at NTCIR tends to improve discriminative power
 the paper presents snapshots on four highlyadaptive solutions and platforms from different angles for challenges of complex future multi-core systems. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
10.1109/CODES-ISSS.2013.6659000
 how and with whom. Thus
 in turn
 Jet Propulsion Laboratory
 bringing the phenomenon of ecology to the agenda as a problem
"School of Information Science {\&} Engineering
10.1007/s11042-013-1446-4
 more longitudinal research is needed to elucidate the developmental processes that increase or maintain risk for
 it remains unclear whether these health disparities exclusively affect individuals who adopt a sexual minority identity or if they also may be present among heterosexually-identified youth who report same-sex attractions. We examined the relationship between sexual attraction
"Chihuahua Institute of Technology
10.1007/s11241-012-9174-9
 the media and politicians in the West and adopted by some Muslims primarily as a politically unifying force
 converse
 Y"
 and to promote a holistic view based on pluralism and dialogue. Drawing on the linguistic reflection
 City University of Hong Kong
 free-flowing pattern. These findings are discussed in the light of common issues of the recent school improvement literature such as: sustainability
 significantly less is known about Asian nations. The purpose of this study is to examine the understudied areas of China
 Open Directory Project
 the historical legacy of law and particularly its synthesis with the Judeo-Christian heritage is apparent. In the UK
 Robilant's notion of informative-normative systems
 my teacher in Philippine music
 cultural traditions
 CKUW and CiTR
 and demonstrate it also with real robot hardware. Our experiments in diverse tasks show that we can predict good motion trajectories in new situations for which the refinement is much faster than an optimization from scratch. {\textcopyright} 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York."
 or stolen by a criminal. These harms to one's integrity could be inflicted in the past
 namely the level of the entire Change Laboratory process
 SPEA2
 as they reveal animal
 causing biases in the LS channel estimation. To improve the performance of reduced-complexity DDCE in transmit diversity OFDM systems
 participated in a 12-week enrichment program to develop leadership through curriculum material making and peer teaching. School and university personnel collaborated to meet school needs: supplying challenging activities to high achievers
"Unirule Institute of Economics
 who were disadvantaged under apartheid. This article examines the range of contemporary policy initiatives to address business constraints on market access and catalyse new market opportunities for black-owned enterprises in urban South Africa. The article concentrates on two themes: 1) building links into private sector supply chains
 we choose the channel utilization rate to indicate the ""channel busy time"". We switch transmission modes once the channel utilization rate is higher than a fixed threshold. We implement this method on Atheros 9340 chips and evaluate it on the performance of End-to-End transmission delay with TCP scripts instead of Ping commands with Chariot tools in our prototype of 802.11n Wi-Fi APs. The experimental results show the proposed method can improve the effective client number of APs and reduce access delay in the situation of high-density clients. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 have been proposed or developed to digitally facilitate the choice of hairstyles. However
 and mechanisms in these security associations at the service development stage to form a collection of isolated and protected security domains. The secure communication among the entities in one security domain is governed and controlled by a standalone security processor and policy attached to this domain. This results into: (1) a safer data delivery mechanism that prevents security vulnerabilities in one domain from spreading to the other domains and controls the inter-domain information flow to protect the privacy of network data
 as well as providing resources for future educational and Holocaust related events. We have also been fortunate in receiving funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund
 and the flipped classroom. It is now common practice in medical education to employ a range of instructional approaches to support collaborative learning. We believe that the adoption of such approaches is entering a new and challenging era. We define collaborate learning by drawing on the broader literature
 defenses
 so the goals of the project are to establish how to implement new technology into a Croatian library and to involve users in the project through interactive workshops and through a voluntary program. The paper presents the library experience in the development of a free e-book collection for the e-book reader Kindle DX based on the Project Gutenberg's philosophy and selection
000 calendar years. At the scale of the moyenne dur{\'{e}}e
 or they can be separated over nonoverlapping channels. In this paper
 the performance of secondary downlink can be improved without affecting the performance of PR. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 we propose a hypothesis that predicts a positive association of content and knowledge creation. Then
 i.e.: a modeling capable of verifying and analyzing the performance of business processes at present. The analysis on business process can adopt two approaches
 we specifically investigate the suitability of such a medium access control rationale for this kind of traffic. It turns out that
 resulting in a model optimized towards the evaluation metric. In addition
 irreplaceable and locally preserved in scientific collections at museums
 the effects of disturbance on bacterial phylotype number were more significant in the southern slopes than in the northern slopes of the Tanggula Mountains. Statistical analysis showed that the number of bacteria in a beef extract-peptone medium were affected by TN in OL and influenced by the plant coverage in DL. The number of bacteria in Gause's No. 1 medium had no correlation with any parameters while was affected by the pH in DL and the number of functional bacteria were affected by the vegetation coverage in OL and were affected by the TOC and TN after the disturbance. The bacterial phylotype number in OL was influenced by soil Water Content (WC)
 X and Tai
 and different degrees of reflexivity or critical awareness of journalists' own blind spots and limitations. Most interviewees expressed passionate support for the norm of verification
 urban sprawl and development costs
 induces minimum delay and requires no overhead. Simulation results show that TRICS outperforms the traditional CSMA/CA scheme (exploiting spatial multiplexing) in wireless mesh networks. {\textcopyright} 2013 IEEE."
 Information and Communication Engineers."
 we consider further the case when users have multi-channel sensing capability. Access strategies incorporating channel availability information are developed and the corresponding performance is analyzed. Finally
 University of Verona
 (iii) Development (furthering profile
 using our SVECTAT (Shared Virtual Environment Complementing Task Achievement Training) model as a reference
 to handle this problem. By jointly employing channel diversity and time diversity
 Private Bag 92019
 definitive function. Actors such as Kenneth Branagh thus remain intimately connected with not only their personal interpretations of Shakespeare
 judges are now able to consider the more realistic complexity of genocide atrocity and thereby to address the diverse legitimate interests of victims. Particularly
 figural style of representing people; articulate the self as a morphing
 the results revealed that the variables contributed approximately 88.4{\%} of the variations in evaluation models affecting ICT adoption within SMEs. Following the findings of the current research
 this paper investigates a novel and more efficient extension of GVPHMMs that can also model the trajectories of feature space linear transforms. Significant error rate reductions of 9.3{\%} and 18.5{\%} relative were obtained over the multi-style training baseline system on Aurora 2 and a medium vocabulary Mandarin Chinese speech recognition task respectively. Copyright {\textcopyright} 2013 ISCA."
 we devise a semi-synchronous multi-channel coordination protocol that enables wireless nodes to: (i) efficiently exchange channel and coordination information
 medium and high variability of setup times. The results are compared with pure ACO pure GA and hGA in terms of solution quality and computational times. Computational results indicate that the proposed ACO-GA algorithm has superior performance. {\textcopyright} 2012 Elsevier B.V."
"Departamento de Engenharia de Produ{\c{c}}{\~{a}}o
 we propose three techniques in FAVICS to harvest the frequency-diversity gain. First
 etc.). As an empirical basis
 randomizes sensing decisions
10.1109/Allerton.2013.6736692
 diffusion and anneal etc. For this reason
 I and Izumo
 and then develop a more sophisticated method that involves extra statistical and interference information based on the concept of minimizing outage probability (MOP). Closed-form outage probability expressions are derived for both pairs with each RS algorithm
10.1109/TVT.2013.2242911
 X-ray images (101) and organ photos (63)
 University of Guelph
"School of Information
 as a result
 P.O. Box 24866
 Russian Federation"
 such as instant replay
 and geographic distribution may yield political differences. Previous investigations of Latino heterogeneity as a catalyst for unity or division are limited to narrow issue domains and the set of elections characterized by within-group diversity. It remains unclear whether Latinos will respond cohesively to co-ethnic cues in national politics. Using data state-level Web search volumes related to Sonia Sotomayor's nomination to the Supreme Court
 Australia."
"University of Missouri
 and (3) identifying challenges and opportunities in the field. Specifically
 require predicting a set or list of options. Such lists are often evaluated using submodular reward functions that measure both quality and diversity. We propose a simple
 ICML 2013"
 and Warachka (2009)'s logistic model
 [1] paved the roadmap towards Global Engineering calling for practical solutions to implement the vision of a global engineer. In response to these challenges
 Peter"
 Sharon"
 Kun"
 Yan and Yu
 Xiaoli"
 Weina"
 Minghua and Wang
 Greg and Bennett
 Seungwoo and Lee
 Bambang Suharnoko and Zakharov
10.1007/s00146-014-0564-5
10.1037/pac0000161
 Damian and Moller
10.1177/1527476415594887
 Alfonso"
10.1016/j.pubrev.2015.11.001
"Campos
 John P and Beznosov
 Ilseo and Hoogs
10.1111/rego.12068
 Jong Hyuk"
 Danielle and Maeseele
 Loes"
 SOUTH KOREA"
"Gudmundsson
 Surbhi"
 Debora"
 JungWon and Chung
 Ruth"
 Lorenzo and Quaranta
 Emiliano and Mattoni
 Jonathon P"
 Sean"
 Carolina and Abidin
10.1177/2329488415627273
 BRAZIL"
 Karen"
 Robert G and Al-Badarneh
 Jinhui and Wang
 Cyrus and Liu
 Charlotte"
 Sabina"
 Valerie and Olson
"Basu
"7th Forum on Data Engineering and Information Management (DEIM Forum)
10.1587/transinf.2015DAP0003
 Ines"
 Shailaja and Pramod
 Jonas R and Halperin
 John P and Sosa
10.1515/text-2016-0012
 Yariv and Menchen-Trevino
 Lixin and Wan
 Guang Ying"
 Timothy and Swicegood
 Jelena and Krstev
 Ulrike"
 Hyeri and Rho
 Amuitz"
10.1177/1077699016638835
 Emre"
"Lowe
 Johannes and Paschou
 Mart and Krumsvik
 Esther and Golding
"Donders
 Carlos and Sherblom
 David Gunnarsson"
 Ruth"
 Xiangli and Zeng
 Augusto and Barbera
10.1017/S0021223716000108
 Mingquan"
"Int Soc Scientometr {\&} Informetr; Hacettepe Univ; Sci {\&} Technol Res Council Turkey
 Silvia and Testa
 Chen and Cao
10.1002/asi.23465
10.1086/685584
 Kim Mannemar"
10.1086/685087
10.1111/isj.12086
10.1177/0093650214565896
 Cemal Eren"
 Michael"
 Sarah and {De Pauw}
 Leman"
 Aparna"
 Sharon J"
 Bridget and Cahill
 Catrin S"
 Sebastian and Kabst
 Susan and Myung
 Dacheng and Shen
 DF 70 910-9
 BRAZIL"
 BRAZIL"
 Xueming"
 Jianmin and Cao
 Michael"
10.1177/1075547016655545
10.1177/1464884915582357
 Rich"
 Heinz-Werner"
 Richard Yi Da and Bian
 Sendong and Jiang
"Kibere
 Jitao and Xu
10.1111/comt.12085
10.1111/comt.12084
 Guy J and Himelboim
 Xiaola and Yu
 Guang Ying and Wellman
 Sarah"
 Hui and Li
 Xiaoqian and Zhu
 Jo"
 Abdelhamid and Hadjadj-Aoul
"Riquelme
"Bellot
 Lukas and Daniel
 Erjia and Song
 Mireia"
10.1111/cccr.12123
 Juliet"
10.1093/ijpor/edv015
 Wei and Du
"Lorenzo-Dus
 Senjuti Basu"
 Atsuyuki and Rahman
 Josef"
 Philip M"
 Jenny and Fujita
 Akshay and Tang
 Robert"
 Bernhard"
 Yannis and Lowe
 Rebecca P and Ellison
 Haiwei and Hossain
"Burgess
 Brian E and de Zuniga
 Kihan and Cheong
 Yalan"
 Nevenka and Mencej
 Djoerd and Kraaij
 Jhunehl"
 Zhao and Hu
 Dorothee"
 Hongwei and Wang
 Rob"
10.1017/S1049096516001657
 Mary Lou"
 Sun Hyoung"
 Waqas"
 Hannelie Marx and Dhoest
 Fengmei and Chen
 Jie and Liao
 Yossef and Mesch
10.1016/j.pubrev.2015.10.001
10.1016/j.pubrev.2016.03.014
 Schubert"
"Dasgupta
 Grainne M"
 Dongmei"
 Wenguang and Yang
 Amina and Beghdadi
 Chi-Yin"
 Julina"
 Keke and Ming
 Hayoung and Kim
 Ho-Seok and Yin
 Zbigniew"
 Jose and Kuhlman
 Gerd and Meyerhenke
 Elham and Bhatnagar
 B K"
 Stephen Chi Fai and Leong
 Fei"
 Xun"
 Jens Ulrik and Proietti
 Beatriz and Frias-Aceituno
 Koraljka"
 Nikos"
 Xueming and Lei
 Isabel"
 Mina and Krakowiak
 Jun and Jin
 Donald C"
 Wen and Gao
10.1177/1750481316674779
10.1093/jcsl/krw015
"Noske-Turner
 Hyunji and Han
10.1515/libri-2016-0052
 Yi and Bu
 Akihiko"
 Carmen Llovet"
 Cecil and D'Haenens
 Alem"
10.1177/2167479515588185
 M and Nappi
 Liyan and Wang
 Song and Zhou
 Tim and Wetherell
10.1177/1940161216673195
10.1177/1464884916657522
10.1111/fcre.12268
 Hyunjin"
 Jesikah Maria and White
 Lilly"
 Janice L and Stellefson
 Cuihua and Feng
"Bosetti
"Zhang
 Susan Y L and Baarslag
 Edmund W and Chan
 Andrea and Tarrini
 Raj Kumar and Margam
 Wilson"
 Bozena I and Yim
 Shelly"
 V and {Geetha V}
"Just
"Yamamoto
 Jonathan"
 Carolina and Piefer
 Karen and Humphrey
 Ankita and Bharadwaj
 Ngoc Thanh and Hwang
 Nadine and Jonkman
 Leopoldina and Taipale
 Patricia W"
 Jia and Zeng
 Emilio F"
 Barbara and Aber
 Alex"
 Lin"
 Daniel C and Mancini
 Nien-Tsu Nancy and Ognyanova
 Lilian Ingutia and Dick
"Benson
"Benson
 Avriel C and Dixon
 Tsahi and Samuel-Azran
"Vivienne
 Matthew D"
 Kate and Fine
 ENGLAND"
 Jan and {Van Gorp}
 Heike"
 Daniel and Grimmer
 Philip and Stewart
"Groshek
"Smith
"Ramasubramanian
"Gameel
 Susannah R and Odland
 Oluyinka"
 Shangui and Gu
 Jianhong and Pan
 Linjuan Rita and Ji
 Renata L and {De Gaetano}
 Robert G"
 Mena N and Jiang
 Monika"
 Borja"
 Maria"
 Marc and Freelon
 David"
 Angela"
 Natasha"
 Feng and Cheng
"Chen
 Jun and Zheng
 Matthew"
 Chih-Hui"
 Nando and Virta
 Jocelyn"
 Juliet"
 Francisco Perlas"
 Giles and Papoutsaki
 Tamir and Walgrave
 Klas and Ausserhofer
 Nathalie"
 Xuebing and Chang
 Chei Sian and Osop
 Nando and Virta
"Tenenboim
"Rantanen
"McClearen
"Guenther
"Bonnet
 Mengyan and He
 Liang and Chen
 Alex and Cotton
 Lei and Cai
10.1075/ni.27.2.02vas
 Pauline and Hartel
 Nathan and Billard
 Henry and Connolly
 Hyeokkoo Eric and Oh
 Rasmus and Loennqvist
 Aneta and Milne
 Dam Hee and Kwak
 Sebastian and Puente
 Sandra and Mattoni
 Shuhei and Wakabayashi
 Jean-Francois and Sullivan
 Janice L"
 Cihan"
 Kathleen"
 Joy and Wolfgang
 Lauri"
 Kho Suet"
 Christoph"
"Nielsen
 Cancan and Medaglia
 Jie and Xie
 Fadi S and Usher
 Tim and Martin
 Theodora and Spyridou
 Simon"
 Lance"
 Danielle E and Turner-McGrievy
 Jennifer L and Kocurek
 Valerie and Shuler
 Hilde C"
"Wang
 Wojciech"
 Jawad and Hwang
"Larsen
 Sydney Friendly"
 Lere and Saka
"Banerjee
 Jeanette"
"Horowitz
"Schlosberg
 Tracy and Zhang
 BRASILIA
 Homero Gil and Schloegl
 Sen and Zhang
 Gabriel J"
 George and Phan
 Shaheen"
 Iryna V"
 Keren"
 Blaize"
10.1177/0963662515603272
 Lihong and Yu
 Xianchao and Zong
 Konstantinos and Papadopoulos
10.1093/ijpor/edv036
10.1177/1077699016637119
 Adamantia G"
 Kim Mannemar"
 Joy Michelle and Johnson
 Brendan R"
 David J and Ditonto
 Paul and Shaw
"Mack
 Daniel and Gengnagel
 Francesco and Caldelli
 Xiang"
10.1515/multi-2015-0065
 David and Wright
 Ian"
 Ting-Jung and Chen
"Kane
10.1007/s10676-016-9414-0
10.1093/ajlh/njw023
 Lingjie"
10.1177/1555412015587603
 Stefan and Effelsberg
 Douglas and Pennycook
 Anthony and Mboti
 Natascha"
 Robert and Robertson
 Christian Pieter and Suphan
 Chunlei"
 Dean"
 Xiang and Chun
 Hong"
 Love"
10.1007/s10657-016-9548-x
 Darren R"
10.1086/690066
 Kristina"
"Irion
 Laura"
 Coppelie"
 Yonggang and Chua
 Kazem"
 Sumiko R and Nsoesie
10.1177/2167479515601868
 Rabeeh Ayaz and Mushtaq
 Sylvia"
"Al-Smadi
 Vishal and Khot
 Qian and Ye
 Mojtaba and Liang
 Binyuan and Nie
 Sender"
 Yasushi and Prakash
 Claire"
 Sarah and Schreiner
 Haklae"
 Sebastian and Aguilar-Illescas
 Dounia and {El Marraki}
 Jian and Xu
10.1016/j.tele.2016.05.020
 Emmet and Rau
 Maria Jose"
 Srinivas"
10.1016/j.telpol.2013.10.004
"Daniels
 Sarah Helen"
 Jian and Luk
 Jason W and Bourgeois
 Fernando Tucho"
 Nina"
10.1017/S104909651400119X
 Fazal"
 Changsheng and Liu
 Jae Kook"
10.1177/1748048514538927
 Brendan R"
10.1007/s11192-014-1261-3
10.1177/1464884913505030
 Aine and {De Brun}
 Marco and Pesquet-Popescu
 Gerd G"
 Geoffrey and Tang
"Hamilton
 Juliane and Schweiger
 Ulrika"
10.1177/1065912914536470
10.1177/1527476414527835
10.1177/1527476414530476
 Xiaohui and He
10.1177/1077699014550091
 Carina and Ruigrok
 Dahee and Han
"Baasanjav
 Juan"
 Xiaohua and Wang
 Helena and Pang
 Nishita and Thirunarayan
 Luming and Zimmermann
 Zhijie and Zhang
10.1017/S0008423914001127
 Michael"
 Andres"
 Hedwig"
 Cristina and Valgeirsson
 Steven and Townend
 Lisa and Harrigan
 Pirkka and Liikkanen
 Rajiv George"
 Alicia"
 Alexander"
 Jan and Bayraktar
"Coryat
"Trere
 Jia and Snow
 Lin"
 Marian and Gayle
 Lily"
 Jonathan and Millard
 Andy and Harte
 Damian and Schoenbach
"Domingo
 Seth C and Westlund
"Magdaleno
 Suzanne Marie"
 Joseph"
 Manuel and Demonget
 Trisha T C"
 Mike and Armfield
 Last"
 ENGLAND"
 Tewodros W"
 Emilly Comfort"
10.1111/hcre.12041
 Elaine and {Sanchez Mora}
 Helene Helboe"
 Yuqiang and Wu
 Ali"
10.1016/j.acalib.2014.10.007
"Castello
"Mujica
 Borja and Diaz-Faes
 Jonathan and Chenoweth
 Nivio and de Moura
 Luo and XiaLi
"ANNUAL REVIEW OF POLITICAL SCIENCE
"Jang
 Ramzi A and Dimishkieh
 Hanna"
 Karel and Panis
"Clemens
 Indika and Zhang
 Communication
"Highfield
"Coryat
"Aricat
"Lee
"Vitak
"Cortesi
"Gibbons
"Hoffman
"Burri
"Helberger
"Schaefer
"Xie
10.1075/jlp.14.3.01mil
 Paola"
 Rukhsana"
 Silke and Schoenhagen
"Thussu
"Donders
 Peter"
 Thomas"
 Maria Rosa and Vaglio
 Kyunga and Joo
"Ham
"Jurgens
"Sangar
 Sujit"
"Buddle
 Jacques"
 Paula"
 Fackson"
 Elisabeth"
 Fredrick C and McKenzie
 Shakuntala and Cammaerts
 Elaine and Ksiazek
 Millicent"
 Cara"
 Elizabeth Ehrhardt and Tewksbury
 Yongsuk"
 Ingmar and Jaimes
 Dirk"
 Xuemin (Sherman) and Bai
 Gabriela and Clinchant
10.1177/0973258615569947
10.1111/cccr.12068
 Jens"
 Han Woo"
 Ana Carolina"
 Qiuhong and Chen
 Kazuyuki"
10.1111/josi.12104
 Felicitas"
 Jennifer and Chung
 Yaniv"
 William H and Versaci
 Pablo and Bonneau
 Subramanian and Pramod
 Martine"
 Meredith L"
 Fei and Liu
 Irene"
 Georg"
 EunKyung and Yoon
"Annual Conference of the Association-of-Internet-Research
 Sarah"
 Indra"
 Des"
"Fernandez
 Victoria and Ramage
 Sonia"
 David"
 Hsinchun and Lusch
 Charles"
 Peta and {La Salle}
 Ansgard and Deprez
 Xinyu and Liu
10.1111/1467-9248.12183
 Payman Mahmoudi and Niya
 Weiwu"
10.1016/j.lingua.2014.12.007
 Jie and Li
 Shengli and Lue
 Stijn and de Walle
 Daniela and Pietka-Nykaza
 Uduak"
 Tiffany Ying-Yu and Chiang
 Korina"
 Patrick and Chu
 Thomas and Hernandez-Castro
 K"
 Sean"
 Yan and Liu
 Jeng-Shyang and Chen
"Kim
10.1177/1354856514527205
 Jennifer"
 Chih-Hui and Tang
 Matthew and Sayre
 Shenghua and Cheng
 Rong-Hua and Qin
 Maurice"
 Charles and Liu
 Andreea M and Llorens
 BRAZIL"
 BRAZIL"
 Ralph and Zerfass
 Benjamin"
 Deborah S and Zuercher
 Arne and Hasle
 Gabriel-Miro and Murphy
 Lizhen and Liu
 Alfonso"
 Tobias and Alsius
 Bijan"
 Muhammad Bilal and Bhattacharya
 Michael"
 Robert and Wallace
 Sun and Shen
"Staehr
"Kolo
10.1111/cccr.12081
 Kyeung Mi"
 Matt W"
 Clara"
 Thierry"
"McCay-Peet
10.1016/j.acalib.2015.03.018
 Ling"
 Shiro and Otsuka
 Dhiraj"
 Sana N and Chou
 Anastasia G and Maroniti
 Danilo"
 Central
 Stuart and Quayle
 Xuesong"
 Michael A and Mukherjee
 Xin and Wu
10.1111/1475-6765.12099
 Jeremy and Abbott
 Ben P"
10.1177/1354856515579847
 Arnau and Calleja-Lopez
 Penny and Chandler
 Stine Sand"
 Yun and Wang
 Feng and Liu
 Xiang and Cui
 Becky"
10.1111/josl.12134
 Benedetto"
 Viola Candice"
 Inchan and Summers
"Heyd
"Georgakopoulou
 Indrek"
 Yan and Kim
 Pieter"
 Zakia"
10.1177/0196859915608916
 M and Subbalakshmi
 Fazli"
 Kexin and He
 Clement T and Yu
 Wei and Kataria
10.1177/1748048515597874
 Gavan"
 Matthew S and Kim
 Hal and Faris
 Marie"
 Sarah"
 Shira"
 Minas and Subrahmanyam
 U and Sadowski
 Upasna and Idris
"Jatowt
 Harry Jiannan and Li
 Evelina and Cribbie
 Zohar"
 Sharon"
 Ronald and Schmidt
10.1177/1748048515601555
 Sukhwan and Choi
 Richard M"
 Stephen J A and Wasserman
 Tony"
 Maurice H and Cuddy
 Vasileios and Faloutsos
 Dimitar and Oliveira
 Hsinchun and Larson
10.1177/0075424215607327
 Yi and Mi
10.1177/1077699015594462
 Angela"
 Daniele and Stajner
 Michael and Ahuja
 Liron"
 Margie"
 Andrew"
 Mohammad Abdollahi and Rahmani
"Shipley
 Llorenc and Medina
 Brian J"
 Eszter"
 Oliver"
 Alexandru and Udrescu
 Linards and Eisenegger
 Daniel and Miltner
 De-Nian and Yu
10.1177/1940161215612203
 Frances"
 Laura Thaut"
 Roger M"
 Swapna and Dagnino
 Anca-Livia and Mueller
10.1093/pa/gsv014
"Waisbord
 Eric and Foucault-Welles
 Mario and Melvin
10.1027/1864-9335/a000256
10.1111/1467-923X.12207
 Holger and Klimmt
 Jun and Rau
 Wenjie and Song
"Politis
 Constantinos K and van Osch
 Ben"
 Maggie and Moldes
 Joy M"
 Bill"
 Eleanor K"
"Thorbjornsrud
 Said Abdullah and Dillon
 Meryl and Katz
"Kim
 Jiang and Ren
 Miao"
 Natalie"
 Brooke Y"
 Devra and Allen
"Martinez
 Magdalena and Sylvie
 Aihui and Lu
 Jessie M Quintero and Miller
 Felix"
 Jason and Voutyras
 Mahmud and {Casalo Arino}
 Rima"
 Dohyun and Shin
 Jeffrey"
 Alfredo and Braun
 Jennifer"
 Carolyn M"
 Joel R and Budabin
 Ella"
 Matthew"
 Micael and Rosengren
 Kevin Lane"
 Jane"
 Kasia and Sproull
 Justin M"
 Evan and Pegoraro
 Tsahi and Samuel-Azran
 Melissa"
 Shelley"
 M H A"
"Duguay
"Brooten
"Clark
"Craig
 Erik"
 Moses and Vigon
"Kim
 CA 90089 USA"
 Wanjiku F M and Elenbaas
 Torbjorn and Andersson
 Carina and {Kleinen-von Konigslow}
 Natalie Jomini and Scacco
 John A and Currin-Percival
 Brian E and Ksiazek
"Lai
"Feng
"Leurs
 David C"
 Tsung-Yi and Tsai
"Faris
"Lentz
"Kumar
"Cunningham
"Kaun
"Kaun
"Thorson
"Atkinson
"Abdulla
 Stella"
"Hong
 Felix"
 Stefania and Valentini
 Albert"
"Farchy
 Anna and Diaz-Noci
"Sabao
10.1515/opli-2016-0027
10.1515/opli-2016-0023
 Sohee and Sulaiman
 Salawati Mat"
10.1075/jlp.15.6.01hut
 Hadas"
 King-wa and Wong
"Manuel-Palao
 Sergio and Suarez-Munoz
 Naresh K and Pandey
 Alejandra and Sanjurjo
 Juan Carlos"
 Zsofia"
 Yoshiharu and Tsuji
 Kerry and Waller
 Mikko and Matikainen
 Axel and Moon
 Anna Cristina"
 Myleea D"
 Tanja and McCallum
 Jennifer Stevens and Smith
 Michael A and Scheufele
 Teresa"
"Worsoe
 Jian"
10.1177/1464884911408221
"Johnson
"Botma
 Jiafei"
 Ah Reum and Kim
 Eden"
 Gholamreza and Chang
10.1177/0002716211409011
 Nadine"
 Bala"
 David W and Perkins
 Gavin"
10.1093/poq/nfq076
 Longfei and Wang
10.1177/1464884911412702
 Deen"
10.1016/j.joi.2011.02.006
 Josep and Diaz-Noci
 K Selcuk and Sundaram
 Daniel"
 Jason and Seko
 Chul-joo and Her
 Jinhui and Tan
 Natalya"
 JongWon"
"Deniz
 Wang"
 Michael S and Badar
 Juan Jose and Segovia
"Binder
 Han Woo"
 Norman and Shapiro
 Lynda Dee and Lengel
 Meng and Han
"Kahne
 Jae-Hwa and Lee
 Georgios"
 Jeongsub"
 Fay Cobb and Kvasny
 Philip Hans"
 Ronald E"
 Jessalynn Marie"
 Fen"
 Miri and Tidhar
 Eszter and Litt
 Danah and Crawford
 Judy Wai Ping"
 Mariko"
 Hyun Jung and Hove
 Aikaterini and Kovras
 Jorgen"
"Boudana
 Fausto and Hemphala
 Pieter"
10.1515/pr-2012-0010
 Paolo"
 Mary"
 Daryl and Werbeloff
 Irina and Valtysson
 Alice and Ellison
"Trere
"Mcpherson
 Joybrato"
 Ye and Chu
 Marc-Olivier and Carbasse
 Renaud and Frere
 Vicky Elongo"
"Damome
 Tessa"
 Geri Alumit and Fico
 Amy B"
 Hoon"
 Jessica"
 Jonas and Nyberg
 Edwin"
 Xufei and Liu
 Alice W S and Milani
 Koen"
10.1111/j.1468-2885.2011.01395.x
 Mark and Powers
 Sabrina C and Papadakis
 Hsinchun and Li
 Piotr and Filipowski
 Jiann-Liang and Kuo
 Brian S and Song
 Snjezana"
10.1016/j.ins.2011.10.020
 Jay D and Weeks
10.1177/1464884911398335
 Claes H and van der Brug
 Kathryn"
 Chunfang and Lian
 Malcolm R"
 Christine and Underwood
 You and Nyemba
 Rolv Mikkel and Carlquist
10.1177/1464884911421694
10.1007/s11192-012-0624-x
 Ellen and Lee
 Lei and Lu
 Oliver"
 Homero Gil"
 Nils C and Crowl
 Richard and Mora
 Huan"
10.1177/1527476411423676
 Jesper and van Aelst
 Raviraj S"
 Jan Willem and Scholten
 Jason"
"Choi
 Yu-Gang"
 Anthony K"
 Robert"
10.1177/1527476412443090
 Victor R and Harden
"Gemenis
 Lou"
 Fan and Ball-Rokeach
10.1111/j.1749-5687.2012.00161.x
10.1093/applin/ams014
 Hakan G and Fuga
 Shirley Y Y"
10.1017/S1049096512000996
 Liang-Chi and Chen
 Shuqiang and Tian
 Steven and Wang
10.1177/0002716212456008
 Cheryll Ruth and Sreekumar
"Jung
10.1016/j.tele.2011.01.001
10.1093/pan/mpr025
 Isabel and {Fernandez Viso}
 Juan-Jose and Barrios
 Wonseok and Han
 Ni"
 Wu"
"Campisi
 Yoav Y and Perona
10.1177/2050157912459504
10.1177/2050157912464487
 Katy"
 Arnaud and Cordon
"Arampatzis
"Figueiredo
 Harriet"
 K and Schnier
 Gary and Greenhill
 Armando J Garcia"
 Jia and Bin
 Wanxia"
 Ching Tsung"
 Tamara and Chen
 El-Sayed and Kitagawa
 Ivan and Diez
 Joseph D"
"Holbert
10.1027/1864-1105/a000079
 Abiodun"
 Andreas and Juergens
 Yulei and Du
 Changcai and Li
"Lee
"Ognyanova
"Mutman
"Milner
 Glenn J and Wood
 Corrina"
 Laura and Horowitz
 Yigal and Reich
 Rob"
 Gay"
 Pablo"
 Liesbeth and Cunha
 Jiangchuan and Xu
10.1177/2167479512472883
10.1111/j.1753-9137.2012.01145.x
 Lei and Yu
 Erik David and Halkitis
10.1093/ijpor/eds006
 Qun and Shih
 Pei-Chann and Chu
 Hina"
10.1007/s11192-012-0831-5
 Sharon and Papacharissi
 Steven and Kiddle
 Patricia"
10.1111/j.1540-5907.2012.00627.x
 Laurie R"
 Alexander H"
 Hannu and Konno
 Eszter and Shaw
 Minh Ngoc"
 Keith N and Ling
"Collins
10.1177/1464884912464169
 Steve"
 Maura and Tran
10.1177/1748048513482262
 Alan and Larson
 Tariq"
 Wouter and van Hoof
 Silvia"
 Hallvard and Larsson
 Athanasios V and Mao
 Michael"
 Eleonora and Fraternali
 Amir Nader and Bendtsen
10.1177/1527476413481856
10.1086/670694
10.1007/s10796-011-9337-6
 Srirupa"
 Huang and HaiYong
10.1177/0894439313480345
 Syed and Srinath
 Tzan-Feng"
 Damon"
 Zongmin"
10.1177/2167479513486985
10.1111/cccr.12015
 Yunjuan"
 Zhao-yun and Jia
 Corey"
 Victor"
 Frederick and Bergan
 Jian Raymond and Stefanone
 Christopher Wayne"
 Zhenzhong and Khisti
 Hong-Yuan Mark"
10.1177/1464884913478361
 Chin-Chuan"
10.1177/0741088313493610
 Julia"
 Ping and Liu
 Jan"
 Rachel F and Lovering
"Gayo-Avello
 Kathryn E and Sellnow
 Nilanjana"
 Yonghwan"
10.1016/j.pubrev.2013.07.013
10.1111/1758-5899.12057
 Luke and Dudgeon
 Charles"
 Andrew D and Corrall
 Azmat and Proffitt
 Yue and Weaver
10.1111/cccr.12034
"Bassols
 Klaus and van Meurs
 Hong Joo and Choi
 Jes L and Ziegler
10.1016/j.pubrev.2013.02.003
"Hudson
 Argimiro and Xuriguera
 Philip S and Yang
"Tang
10.1075/pc.22.1.01kir
10.1177/2050157913505558
 Rodrigo and Lewis
 Christian"
 David and {Le Cam}
 Marco and Bakker
 Peter and van Noort
 Admire"
 Li"
 Federico"
 Rebecca and Rupar
 Sungho and Um
 Noshir S"
 Sonya M"
 Garrett M and Gonzalez
"Souders
 Liaquat"
"Golan
 Arjen and di Conza
 Jae Kook and Coleman
 Rodney and Jones
10.5771/0943-7444-2014-3-230
 Matthew T and Resnik
 Nico"
 Sara and Stolle
 Hamideh"
 Ming"
 Jamie Terence"
 Isabel"
 Polo and Prinsloo
 Erik and Rieder
 Guy"
 Long and Lee
 Hadewijch and Boudry
 Zvi and Godler
 Helle"
 Minhyung and Hau
 Joseph"
 Jodi and O'Connor
 Tanya"
10.1075/jhp.15.2.05cho
"Ibrus
"Mcmahon
 Kathrin and Nabeth
 Kris and Singh
 Brian"
 Tokunbo"
 Olatunji"
 Kate and Musgrave
 Zvi"
 Antonino and Ursino
 Lei and Ma
10.1177/1748048513504045
 Han Woo"
 Jaime"
10.1177/1750481313503225
 Szu-Wei and Liao
 Jure"
 Jussara M and Loureiro
 Emily K and Bode
 Bo and Wu
 Andrew and Mitchel
 Leah"
 Leticia and Wells
 Soo Jung and Hyun
 Itai"
 Kevin B and Hibbing
 Min and Chen
 Kasper and Cornips
 Richard"
10.1007/s11192-013-1122-5
10.1111/hcre.12023
10.1177/1464884913477283
 Qi"
 Adam"
 Trent A and Reel
"Pool
 Dominique and Scheufele
 Paul and Lee
 Chai and Zhongshan
 Marwan"
 JongWon"
 Francesco G B"
10.1177/1464884913486399
 Peter and Pfetsch
 Nino"
 Lindsay"
10.1177/1748048514524103
"Staehr
"Belling
"Androutsopoulos
"Juffermans
"{Mc Laughlin}
"Fabricio
 Tianjian"
 Jun and Yu
"Mandviwalla
10.1515/commun-2014-0008
 Virginia S Y"
 Hyongsoon and Jeong
"Li
 Julio"
 Jason Vincent Aquino"
 Tuuli Anna and Solares
 Kerem"
 Jeanne"
 Elizabeth J"
 Bart and Nolan
 Chang Sup and Karan
 Michael and Lee
 Amber E"
 Hazem and Ortega
 Abdulmotaleb and Gueaieb
 Youngjoon and Lee
10.1177/0894439313513076
 Jason and Short
 Nicolas"
 Vibodh and Thomas
 Marco"
 Neil and Preston
 Mikael and Mozaffar
 Tamir"
 Daniel"
 Wietske and Coursaris
 Eloise and Ragsdale
"Chia
 Manuel"
 R and Eastin
 B"
 M"
 A"
10.1177/1081180X04271863
 M"
 Karsten"
 K"
 Volker and Otenyo
 C"
 M"
 J and Pantti
10.1207/s15327736me1803_1
10.1207/s15327736me1802_5
10.1177/0002716204270139
 S and Tsujii
 S and Akatsu
 W"
 B and Wallis
 A and John
 H"
 J M and Chen
 J G and Wang
 T C and Smith
 S L and Liu
10.1093/ijpor/edho68
 C L"
10.1080/13183222.2005.11008896
10.1080/13183222.2005.11008892
"Nafstad
 Tilmann"
 WA
 QingXian"
 Kevin and Shipka
RESEARCH AND ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY FOR DIGITAL LIBRARIES
"KNOWLEDGE DISCOVERY IN DATABASES: PKDD 2006
 PT 3
 Jennifer"
 Pattie and Davenport
 Yinpeng and Candan
 S L and Chen
 Jinyi and Wang
10.1016/j.pragma.2005.06.020
"Fico
 M and Gitlin
"Groth
 S and Panwar
 M"
 W J and Fox
 Zhongxuan and Ren
 Garrett J"
 William and Mackay
 Richard and Shah
 Peter"
 Dmitri"
 2004"
 Heekyung and Bahn
10.1207/s15506878jobem5003_7
10.1093/ijpor/edh104
"Livingstone
 James H and Lynch
 Lori and Brunner
 Gilad and Raban
 Xiaowen"
 Ramesh"
 FL
 Atreyi and Tan
 Indiana Univ
 NETHERLANDS
 Conny and Vliegenthart
10.1016/j.lisr.2006.10.007
 Martin and Lindenmeier
 Shu-Chu Sarrina and Liu
10.1075/156921507781509644
 Paolo"
 Jeffrey H"
"Porto
 Adrienne"
 Christina"
 Shih-Fu and Kim
10.1177/1075547006298253
 Clive J"
 Zala"
10.1515/COMMUN.2007.001
 Martin"
 Geert and van Ruler
 Kazuo and Homma
 Johny T"
10.1177/107769900708400211
 Chia-Wen and Wei
10.1016/j.pragma.2006.08.012
 Katharina"
 Nicholas W"
 Jean-Paul and Frossard
 Mounir"
 Junghoo and Cho
10.1016/j.csl.2006.09.003
10.1177/0002716207301145
"Garcia
 Edward A"
10.1556/ALing.54.2007.3.4
10.1515/COMMUN.2007.018
 Gregory B"
 Florence"
10.1177/107769900708400406
 Gianfranco and Vaccari
 Christian and Givens
10.1515/MULTI.2008.019
 Ester and Schoenbach
 Asa Kroon and Ekstrom
 Hun Shik and Hama-Saeed
 Arnold S and Swanson
 Clyde W and Srinivasan
 Edward H and Quinn
 Romayne Smith and Patterson
 Jay"
 Zhenzhong and Lee
 Matt and Larsen
10.1080/01972240802020101
 Sue"
 Elaine J"
"Gillan
 Elaine. J"
 Mohammad and Gitlin
10.1177/0093650207309362
 Douglas Blanks and Wiegand
 Jacob"
10.1016/j.im.2007.12.003
 Akio and Onoe
 Frederick G and Lacy
 Penny S"
 Marie"
10.1177/0894439307307366
 Wyn"
 J Robert"
 Brian and Rieh
 Jesper"
10.1177/1527476408315500
10.1016/j.pubrev.2008.03.036
"Daramola
10.1007/s11109-007-9050-9
"Gunaratne
 B Paige and Shrum
 Jakob"
 Manfred and Aberer
 Daniel"
 Susan and Ewart
10.1177/107769900808500406
 John"
"Maxwell
 Franck"
"Hively
 Amit M and Obar
 Amani"
 Michal"
 Jamison M and Junglas
10.1521/jscp.2009.28.1.1
 Marsha"
 Guillaume"
 John O and Healey
"Behrend
10.1111/j.1083-6101.2009.01440.x
"Lowrey
 Monica B"
 Indrit and Hill
 Anping and Rau
10.1075/ijcl.14.2.02dav
"dos Santos
"Gordon
 Susan and Newell
 Jessie P H and Huang
 Magdalena E and Baek
 Kirsty"
 John P and Martin
 Manuela and Wagemann
"Acar
 Yajie"
 Tanja"
 Penny and Lloyd
 R Lance and Benoit
 Da"
 Stuart"
"Gillespie
 Peter and John
 Ranxi and Chia
10.1016/j.pragma.2008.05.016
 Qing"
 Richard J and Gillson
10.1093/jiel/jgn038
 Tomaz and Kacic
 Alexander"
 Chien-Chih"
10.1177/0093650208330253
 Houqiang and Wu
 Shigeru and Miura
 Shigehiro"
 Myiah Hutchens"
 Bjorn and Asfeha
"Albright
 Michael and Stein
 Mark and Hou
10.1177/1940161209334521
 Susie and Apostolopoulos
 Penny S"
 Deborah Soun and Yi
 Shanfeng and Takigawa
 Omar and Henriquez
 Fang-Hui"
10.1016/j.pragma.2009.03.004
 Jian and Liu
 Gi Woong"
10.1177/1470594X09345479
 Anke and van Zoonen
 Ralph D"
 Olof and Francke
 Weimin"
 Michael and Christensen
 Maureen and Perrin
 Sebnem"
 Matt"
 Antonio P"
 Fabian and Baldoni
 Diana C and Nir
 Lindsay H and {Eveland Jr.}
 Zvi"
 Martin"
"Herubel
10.1093/jopart/mup006
 Inna"
 Reijo"
 C Ann and Kimbro
 Jonathan A and Schejter
 Eli and First
 Brooke Fisher and Horsley
 Kristin Skare"
"Qiu
"Stetka
"Llorens
"Czepek
"Hargittai
"Kenyon
 Eszter and Hsieh
 James A and Kuga
 Grace Leung Lai"
 Shiv and Stohl
 Davina"
 Shuang and Huang
 Shu-Chu Sarrina and Lee
 JUL
Int Acad Comparat Law; Amer Soc Comparat Law
 Yun and Yuan
 Mike S"
 Mira"
 Jin and Li
 Alberto and Ramos-Cabrer
10.1017/S0003055409990360
 Sarah and {De Neve}
 Zohar and Shifman
 Junichi"
10.1093/ijpor/edp024
 Marc"
10.1515/COMM.2010.002
 Saar and Butler
 Jie and Liu
 Suhas N and Chiang
10.1177/107769901008700204
10.1080/13183222.2010.11009029
 Cormac J"
 Xiaochen and Zheng
 Nuria and Capurro
 Andrea"
10.1177/0093650210362463
 Zaheer and Jamal
10.1177/1527476409358087
 Walt"
10.1093/joclec/nhp026
 Hans and Vandenbussche
10.1177/1075547010362709
 Duncan J"
 Johannes"
10.1080/13183222.2010.11009033
10.1111/j.1468-2958.2010.01390.x
 David"
 Meng and Chen
 AUG 30-SEP 03
"Baker
 Mario"
 Anita M J and Scholten
 Izhak and Zhang
 Emmanuel and Rebillard
 Xian-Sheng and Zhang
 Karin"
10.1075/sic.8.1.07sch
 Jie and Aldrich
 Steffen R and Ryan
 Maxwell and Funk
 Seungahn and Armstrong
 Douglas Blanks and Yamamoto
 Masahiro"
"Jeffres
 Magdalena Elzbieta"
 Carrie Packwood and Bekoff
 Mats and Lundell
10.1177/1464884910385193
 Ariel K H and Ngai
10.1075/jlp.10.4.05jaf
 Susan E and King
 Antonia C and Madden
 Magdalena and Rojas
"Napoli
"Wallis
 Carmen"
"Hampton
 Keith N and Sessions
"Amner
 Mike and Kreiss
 Steve"
 Sora"
 Y and Ip
 Xuwen"
 Boaz"
 Saif and Borici
 Helen and Robinson
"Smallwood
 Walter B and Onyebadi
 Carly T and Lowrey
 Guillaume D and Grier
 Christopher"
 Knut and Wouters
 Ulrike"
 Kamy and Liew
 Heather and Jenson
 Yu-Dong"
 Chung Gu and Park
"Duschinsky
 Toufik"
 Kenneth M and Graham
 Chayanika and Bose
10.1177/1750481310390166
10.1007/s11192-010-0309-2
 Mireya S and Kumar
10.1177/107769901108800110
10.1177/1532673X10370734
 SPAIN"
10.1177/1464884910388224
 Jin and Yao
10.1177/1464884910388228
 Juliet F"
10.1177/0010414010397751
 In-Su and Kim
 Lars"
10.1016/j.pragma.2010.09.020
 Albert"
 Ran R"
 Fei"
10.1093/poq/nfr006
 Gerhard"
 K and Klank
 K and Kordylewski
 OCT 20-25
"Guice
 T D"
 G and van Gent
10.1177/107769909807500311
10.1177/0267323198013003001
"Willard
 R L"
 I and Latour-Henner
10.1177/1081180X98003001007
10.1080/13183222.1999.11008711
 K and Nishida
10.1023/A:1007506220214
10.1177/107769909907600111
 D H and Hamm
 Chung-Sheng"
 M E"
 B"
 A and Neumann
 J V"
10.1093/ijpor/11.2.135
 D"
 M H and Naghshineh
10.1177/0267323199014003002
 S T"
 L G and Holowczak
10.1207/S15327736ME1302_4
10.1207/S15327736ME1302_3
 B and Wolf
10.1177/016344300022002002
"Owen
"Moore
 D"
10.1177/107769900007700202
10.1177/107769900007700201
10.1207/s15506878jobem4403_8
 M"
 P"
10.1023/A:1010630130895
10.1207/s15506878jobem4401_5
10.1207/S15327736ME1402_04
 X J"
10.1078/1434-8411-00033
 I"
 J T"
10.1177/14614440122225967
 A T and Chou
10.1177/108118001129172125
 P S"
 P"
10.1093/parlij/54.2.349
 P and Greenop
"Ward
10.1177/0957926501012003005
10.1080/13183222.2001.11008774
 E"
 Y C"
10.1177/107769900107800302
 B E and Austin
 J"
10.1177/0022002701045005006
10.1080/13183222.2001.11008787
10.1080/13183222.2001.11008784
 I and Ghandeharizadeh
 D A"
 2000"
 K E and Paletz
 M W and Hutchings
 R"
 T and Ross
 SPECIFICATION AND VERIFICATION"
 D H and Nam
 T B and Schuster
10.1177/1081180X0200700205
 B"
"Sabic
 R"
10.1207/s15506878jobem4602_1
10.1177/0267323102017002692
 Y and Nambu
 J and Kim
10.1207/s15506878jobem4603_7
10.1177/108118002236349
10.1080/10810730290001774
10.1177/016344370202400605
10.1177/107769900207900406
 R N and Throckmorton-Belzer
10.1162/089120102762671945
 E and Berg
10.1108/14684520310510028
OBJECT-ORIENTED INFORMATION SYSTEMS
10.1177/016344370302500106
 J L"
10.1207/S15327736ME1603_3
10.1207/S15327736ME1602_4
 W"
 M R"
10.1111/0162-895X.00318
10.1177/0267323103018001226
10.1177/107769900308000208
 J"
10.1177/01634437030254004
 G B"
 GERMANY
FITCE
 S"
 M M"
10.1177/0163443703256006
10.1177/1075547003259540
 E"
 NEW YORK
 2004"
 L and Yeung
10.1207/s15327736me1704_3
10.1207/s15327736me1703_5
 S H and Ho
 PT 1"
"Mullen
 Univ
 J and Berdayes
10.2307/20063016
 C K"
 G C"
 Streaming Media Systems"
 including about the uses of Twitter
 flows and process of Indigenous communication on Twitter. First
 Facebook
 news observations
 reinforcing influence was found among the journalistic agendas of TV and Twitter. However
 we found media use and attitudes remained relatively stable. Our results also showed that Facebook news use was related to a modest over-time s)"
 and geography. Analysis The hashtag's life on Twitter obscures the two movements' shared challenges: the undeniably neoliberal context consisting of ongoing economic struggles in northern and remote communities
 sympathizers
 with lesbian
 and anxiety in response to brief summaries of 50 news stories of diverse character and provenance selected to be representative of quotidian news. The analysis reveals dramatic variation across news stories and across subjects responding to the same story on all 3 emotional dimensions. We also examine an unexpected inverse correlation between education and level of emotional response to news. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 sharing resources and experiences
 especially those capable of sentiment analysis and lemmatization. This paper explores recent changes in cross-cultural communication with regard to metaphor use and its function in communication on the Internet
 as its focus
 Lady Gaga's Twitter posts create a stance of alignment with the 'ordinary' people in her fan base. Conversely
 we combine an online survey among 122 German sports journalists
 in academic writing. However
 with more confined echo chambers identified in networks of Twitter followers in comparison to second screeners. The study provides one of the most comprehensive mappings of the second screening phenomenon during an election campaign to date. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 the study shows that the stories from the two projects used constructive journalism narratives that cast new light on existing stereotypes a)"
 and satellite dishes in Nunavut. She argues that focusing on these persisting platforms provides insight into how internet and its issues are experienced by Nunavummiut users. Conclusions and implications Contrary to prevalent notions of innovation that privilege newness of form
 as well as civil society and media advocacy groups
 messages containing populist contents
)"
 we explain how and why the authority of this think tank is being translated to social media. We develop a new
 in the context of contemporary China? Second
 it had already generated 1.89 billion views and nearly 785
 based on functions: repurposing
"Motsaathebe
 polity
"Zhao
 its current network structure and the presence of diverse interests and issues amongst the nearly one million accounts within this community. Its findings also constitute important background information for future Twitter research that takes the familiar hashtag studies route: its observations enable such studies to filter their datasets for confirmed Norwegian accounts only
 and friends. Past research has indicated that ""context collapse"" occurs when people must imagine and negotiate interacting with a large and diverse online audience. Using survey data from 771 US Internet users
 especially in Turkey. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 we argue that the prize reinforces the tension between the opposite goals of the promotion of European cultural diversity and the creation of a single market that has marked the European audio-visual policy since the early 1990s. On the one hand
 PR China
 Florian and  Doyle
 download
 and conservative attack. Conclusions and implications This analysis provides a more robust framework for understanding how different groups have advanced competing visions of social licence within the public sphere
 Sweden and New Zealand
 as representing the White House at various events
 a short survey carried out with a group of advanced )"
 generating new forms of innovation and posing the question of how to measure the impact of such open spaces. This paper analyzes the origin and development of social laboratories in Spain. it first reviews their historical development from their antecedents in the 19th Century to the most recent initiatives. it focuses specifically on initiatives launched within the university context
 expertise
 organization size
 social media have been found to have an echo chamber effect
 been influenced and also transmitted by a plurality of media
 in this context
 and to identify as an Aboriginal person. We also observe how these practices have the potential to enhance rather than detract from their development of SAE. The findings of the study have important implications for teaching bilingual and bidialectal speakers in general and AE speakers in particular
 download
 journalism appears to be gender neutral. Instead of theoretically keeping journalism and gender apart
 Copyright of Information
 such processes are conceptualized as hermetically sealed echo chambers or filter bubbles. But such concepts do not provide us with a coherent analytical framework
 Islamophobic
"Koenen
 ideology and populism
 Egypt and Tunisia
 and the United States
 sources
 the social media debate did not appear to facil)"
 an online survey and interviews. Results suggest that most PSM
 for instance
 of the time spent with 11 UK national newspaper brands by their British audiences
 Samantha R. and  Krieger
 Copyright of Women's Studies in Communication is the property of)"
 environmental journalism
 but also that cross-platform audiences vary from country to country
 expertise
 Copyright of Journalism is the property of Sage Publications
 Italy
 and a respective set of criteria that characterizes a diverse information offer in this particular conception of diversity. We make use of a data set of simulated article recommendations based on actual content of one of the major Dutch broadsheet newspapers and its users (<italic>N</italic>=21
 and nonresponsiveness opens up identity and race formulations to include complexities of what is and is not expressed via interaction and perfo)"
 requiring adaptive engagement with the forms
 when in interaction with partisanship
 one of the most widely followed information outlets of the NO DAPL movement. Findings suggest that online video and live streaming trigger different forms of connective activity. The highlighted differences reflect the ways in which synchronous )"
 and the number of incoming refugees. They also differ in terms of journalistic cultural values. As a result
 irreversible and dangerous climate change to a theoretical concept driving empirical research. The news media soon picked up the tipping point metaphor for abrupt and dangerous climate change
 irreversible and dangerous climate change to a theoretical concept driving empirical research. The news media soon picked up the tipping point metaphor for abrupt and dangerous climate change
 Facebook
 via such language choices
 this paper offers a quantitative test of this approach
 with the prominence of different source types in the search results as dependent variables
 and national forces still seem dominant
” and tendencies to buffer the external environment and stabilize. Over time
 direct investment in local media and training of journalists. Building on previous exploratory studies by the authors
 and the dialectics of (in)action makes it possible to understand how the role of media education can be conceptualized in the age of religious pluralism in the Indian democracy. We propose critical media literacy as an intervention to question the exclusionary religious-political socialization of school children by introducing them to a set of alternate narratives encompassing different lived realities. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 this study confirms that community managers have not as yet achieved their goal of embedding the use of social media by citizens as a means of establishing more direct contact with their local governments. Moreover
 and software studies. Focusing on the production of news and games
 and strengthen those views going forward. Using National Annenberg Election Survey panel data
 and protection. Finally
 effects were largely confined to those who were high in need for cognition. There was no additive benefit to pairing ads with political comedy. The results are discussed regarding their contribution to theories of persuasion and information processing when applied to politica)"
 Copyright of Global Media & Communication is the property of Sage Publications
 and authorship. Despite crisis and turmoil
 however
 in principle
 through automated functions
 media experts
 and political expression on political attitudes
 the data also show that such homogeneity has diminished across time
 and networking between those interested in these diverse topics. The developments in digital technology have enabled zines to extend into the online sphere: this increased access has resulted in increased participation (by readers and writers). This paper will focus on (digital) zines that are created by people of colour (POC). In recent years
 and the pro-independence radio station
 the qualitative analysis brings into attention the pers - pective of existing relations between the Romanian media
"Wilkes
 increases the likelihood of cross-ideological sharing and thus increases political diversity on social media. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 privacy concerns
 there has been a greater shift to how audience perceive news. Earlier the journalists set the agenda for the audience to think about and were the gatekeepers for all types of news. Now they do not set the agenda buthave become guides and mentors for their audience. Participatory communication has always been an integral part of communication system. However active participation by receivers of information did not happen very much in the earlier times. With the coming of age of online journalism through digital media this has changed to some extent. People are using digital technologies and user friendly interfaces to make their presence felt online especially in social media which include weblogs or blogs
 the corporate world must understand the social meaning of CSR. Abstract This study addressed an important question about the meaning of corporate social responsibility (CSR)
 a large proportion of the world's social media users are under-represented in the research. In addition
 we show how the folk devil is an a posteriori construct
 download
 using diverse model forms
 recurring interpersonal demands
 Joseph R."
 India
 and active mediation are constituted by gatekeeping
 Copyright of Journal of Nationalism
 religion
 it is argued
 the newspaper has undergone successive transformations. This study charts these changes
 characterized by complex interaction patterns
 Copyright of International Communication Gazette is the property of Sage Publications
 the findings show that these two measurements of content diversity are different yet related to each other. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 the producers of online content still live and work in local geographic communities. Thus
"Perryman
 if not resentful
 which could lead them to more diverse content and perspectives. This study examines the relationship between political interest as well as media diversity and being caught in an echo chamber (measured by five different variables). Using a nationally representative survey of adult internet users in the United Kingdom (N = 2000)
 it provides adaptive and efficient solutions for key issues not specified in that standard
 is a scrutiny of journalists' use of Twitter. The article deploys multidimensional methods against a theoretical conceptual approach. It uses a content analysis of Twitter feeds
 using data from a large-scale survey on media use in the Middle East and North Africa. The results reveal: In the Middle East and North Africa in 2016
 and illustrate how televised normality itself can be a queer phenomenon. In doing so
"Bozdağ
 while exploring social inequalities in relation to each domain. We also review work on the relationship between health and Internet use
 and news generators (the White House
 whereas most outlets cover a broad variety and thus represent the field as a whole. Although our discipline is strongly interconnected with the changing media landscape
 including people with expertise in diplomacy
 Intercultural and Interracial Communication
 and the findings pointed to both promises and barriers in materializing the democratic potential of hyperlocal news websites while calling for more research across dif)"
"Craig
 already vetted by peers
 and “emergent” presentations-in-flux. I assert that the ongoing iteration of)"
 download
 Copyright of Information
 a notable development and an outstanding potential have been perceived
 the position of the media and journalists in the postcommunist states in Europe; how the established tradition of public service broadcasting in Europe is adapting to political and technological changes; and how well placed existi)"
 in a zine and in an exhibition affirmed emergent complexity. I address the theme of this Special Issue by examining the ways in which social media
 we find no such positive indirect effects for those with politically diverse networks or for younger people. Implications for reconceptualizing the relationship between percep)"
 as well as the mixed effects of social media on the users from different communities. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 users may print
 Copyright of Publishing Research Quarterly is )"
 and ability to seek diverse content in a transforming media environment. We argue that our understanding of and regulatory approaches to media pluralism must be adapted to technological advances. Based on social cognitive theory
 roles
 and how both parties fit into present power structures
 we uncovered two interesting patterns of geographical distinction in the media. The first serves the northeastern portion of the United States
 Copyright of Information
 it is drifting away from the Liberal model into a hybrid category of “Polarized Liberal.” Research and meta-journalism from the last decade are reviewed to characterize this hybrid model
 media and culture studies. The Yin Yang Approach by Fang was developed to overcome a static paradigm of culture and communication and similarly the Dynamic-Transactional Approach constituted a new dynamic and more comprehensive perspective of media effects and general communication phenomena. In this sense both approaches deal with three overarching topics: communication
 and ownership; that online hate speech must be addressed; and that the ‘filter bubble’ critique ignores the importance of subaltern counterpublics
 through a large-scale survey with adults. Results show significant differences (by age
 without aphasia
 and reception of media messages. Framework conditions are considered explanatory features on a structural level
 and local Indigenous identity by asserting strategies that engage a cultural praxis that does not perceive education in terms of formal classroom curriculum. Rather
 and other demographics. While there is a greater perception of credibility and usefulness in information received from health professionals
 southwards and farther south. Dehumanization of the Natives was rooted in the unshakable belief of the whites in the superiority of their values and inferiority of Native Americans
 orally transmitted materials have been collected and recorded in various forms. For instance
 2011
 and public opinion in relation to nuclear energy within a broader political and media-structural analysis. Using W. L. Bennett's (1990) indexing hypothesis as its theoretical foundation
 institutional
 confirming their importance and attractiveness and strengthening their social status. No wonder
 and to which attention has only recently been paid in academia (Fusco
 which we call uniform multilingualism. In this model
 as well as data on local market characteristics
 and those using Twitter hashtags #periodsforPence and #PEEOTUS use bodily fluids and tissues to emphasize resistance to political movements attempting to control and legislate bodies. The protest campaigns show that the grotesque can be an effective tool for opening space
 service-learning
 who dominated this terrain and whose campaign mastered the use of different platforms to access and enroll diverse social groups into a winning coalition behind his claims to a ""developmental sovereignty"" ratified by ""the people."" Following his victory
 whose peoples have strong links to New Zealand through historical ties and contemporary diasporae living in the country. But
 Copyright of Environmental Communication is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple)"
 and business aspects of newspaper editors’ decision-making process
 diverse economic interests across national and local scales
 including either potentially suicide-preventive or -facilitative terms
 there is a diversity of collective activities
 this paper analyses participants' news consumption habits
 Copyright of Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media is the property of Broadcast E)"
 thereof
 Folker"
 the emergence of online community provides a platform for consumer involvement in firms' new product development (NPD). Accordingly
 while the impacts of social disparities remain constant over time. Our discussion addresses how characteristics of social backgrounds are salient in harnessing types of Internet use that may be a critical tipping point for information diversity. We argue that policymakers will be better served by understanding the constraint of actual use that is to be in par with the continuous explosion of technological supply. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 and that its meaning and content were a function of its makers’ intentions. The article demonstrates that political and social conditions in postwar Italy rendered political newspapers’ reviews of the film an unusually good guide to understanding ideologically influenced audience perceptions. These reviews reveal three entirely different and contradictory interpretations of the film
 Copyright of Media History is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 this article argues that that long-standing core public service values that emphasize news and current affairs programmes and minority language promotion conflict with the BBC Asian Network's goal to attract young audiences. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 his presentation of himself as both a global leader and a commoner who can identify with Indians of all castes and classes
 has become a less significant driver
 media independence over time. There is thus room for improvement and mutual learning across all systems
 they are often portrayed as morally and sexually confused. We hypothesize that these descriptions of Western women exemplify a Turkish occidentalism
 grounded in the politics and political economies of communication technologies emerging from the free culture movement; in Italy this imaginary was techno-fragmented
 as well as analysis of the entered content and motivational )"
 New Zealand and Papua New Guinea. Pacific Media Watch was founded as an independent
"Halpern
 colorism
 which written by doctoral students and some junior scholars."
 download
 authentic communication
 experimentation
 and audience orientations
 and sociotropy
 is an example of user-driven innovation and of how Indigenous voices are emerging strongly in the rapidly evolving digital landscape. Its founder
 a US state that has courted the unmanned aircraft industry in a bid for economic diversification
 it will provide ideas and a model for devcom in the early phase of the twenty-first century. In addition
 adoption and pass-along behavior. In addition
 the ‘class conflict’ frame
 School of Communication Studies
 ethnic/race
 the festival participates in the process of shaping and marketing a Latino identity for many of its films - films that do not necessarily use this label outside the context of the festival. In this sense
 collective action
 this article discusses three sets of explanatory observations: (a) that the Kurdi photographs had important aesthetic and inter-iconic qualities
 Copyright of Communication & Society is the property of Servicio de Publicaciones de la Universidad)"
 this issue will be discussed from a theoretical point of view
 it often holds scant value within the arcane world of faculty tenure and promotion committees
 thematic analysis
 the reporting of SDOH increased
 particularly at the doctoral level
 participative
 and it was also the most studied communication technology followed by mobile phone
 download
 India. India's western-type political system has a distinct media system characterized by high competition
"Baroni
 Copyright of International Journal of Communication (19328036) is the property of University o)"
 bisexual
 we find no such positive indirect effects for those with politically diverse networks or for younger people. Implications for reconceptualizing the relationship between percep)"
 little is known about the content of communication among people who have coped with the same illness on personal Facebook pages. We conducted a content analysis of 12 months of data from 18 publicly available Facebook pages hosted by parents of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia
 dominate the public domain; the former is the official language
 newspapers are relying more on diverse sources for world news coverage
 Copyright of Journal of Communication is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the )"
 practices and folk traditions. Schimmel's tactful maneuvering through interplay of intertextual and various other linguis)"
 community media and
 ethnic media use is associated with increased ethnic pride and ethnic performance. Implications for theory and practice are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 media use
 users may print
 information is conveyed. Some studies have found Twitter and Facebook to be important tools for social organization and facilitating political involvement. Others
 not long after the much-hailed return-to-democracy election it became clear that the reappearance of media vibrancy and plurality would not happen overnight. The author critically examines the post-election)"
 or email articles for ind)"
 were selected for inclusion in this study. Crime news reports from the major newspaper of each selected community were analyzed based on the types of crimes (violent crime vs. property crime). These data were then compared to FBI crime statistics. In terms of the results
 users may print
 Bitly
 to detach or estrange themselves. The results show a spontaneous identification and an ethical identification that is related to emotional and moral implication. Additionally
 alternative media sought to provide additional viewpoints and spur readers to respond. This study analyzed the practices
 yet it also potentially dampens collective resistance. Nonetheless
 77
 as readers contest journalistic authority not in the direction of a diversified and more open discussion of immigration but towards the ideological entrenchment in e)"
 and I apply this to Muslim communities in Glasgow. Using qualitative methods drawn from media production analysis
 our intention is to observe and analyze through the lens of frame analysis the citizens' communicative practice on the SMARTER channel of the Debating Europe platform and their perceptions and attitudes towards the violent behavior topic in Europe. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
"Weafer
 to analyze archival materials
 race
"Li
 cognitive
 national survey
 I discuss why and how gendering media policy research can be seen as both a way to enrich our understanding of media operations in knowledge societies
 and identitarian challenges
 Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 despite diversity goals promoted by journalism's professional associations and educational accreditation body. We conducted and helped to supervise in-depth interviews with 613 reporters
 I ask what sort of blind spots this historically specific intellectual constellation produced
 and to secure reliable funding for this emerging genre. As a genuinely transnational professional movement which includes practitioners from multiple journalistic cultures as well as other fields
 this article explores audience engagement with 7de Laan's utopian construction of South African citizenship through a social networking site
 the study attempts to identify the difference between an awareness of specific standards of professionalism and quality
 Copyright of Language & Communication is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed)"
 I investigate the effect of the 'See Translation' button as an instance of explicit language policy on Facebook users' practices and beliefs
 from blatant disregard for the law to an ever-growing structural pluralism that is casting shadows over st)"
 2010). Critical deliberative journalism is issue-based and includes diverse and even unpopular views about the community good and encourages an expression of plurality. In a Pacific context
 Copyright of Critical Studies in Media Communication is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.)"
 each with careful awareness of its strengths and limitations. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 racist expatriate Chinese community and the native culture in Buganda that cherished diversity. This study calls for more Sino–African research on a micro level
 by systematically exploring how diversity is dealt with in two separate national contexts
 accepting selected aspects of social media reality but rejecting others. Especially in the case of the Chinese newspapers
 the variety of actors and viewpoints considered as well as the specific strategies underpinning the journalists' engagement with the expressed opinions
 these studies show that successful outcomes from difficult workplace conversations require the parties to balance task and relational goals
 German and Luxembourgish operate as administrative languages and English plays an increasingly important role. Part one analyses the development of the group's official language policy by group administrators
 social groups
 and the circulation of affective content with common symbols made celebrations visible. However
 how they are identified
 schools
 Facebook
 download
 WeChat use in general
 our paper sheds light on the linkage between digital media and unconventional participation across the three countries. Our hypothesis is that distinct news diets and different social medi)"
 radio
 creative
 and assesses how Myanmar's experiences reinforce or challenge common assumptions about democratic transition. The discussion draws from interviews over many years with journalists
 (3) presenting Russia’s economy as strong due to natural resources and (4) framing the United States negatively by calling for strategies to counter Western economic sanctions. Strategic and policy implications are discussed at length. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 depend heavily on ANP and are highly similar as a result of such dependence. We draw conclusions relating to the gatekeeping role of news agencies in the digital age in general
 representations of female perpetrators tend to feature nuanced and sympathetic portrayals. However
 and methodological pluralism. These interrelated features articulate the central dimensions of journalism studies
 through the cultural intermediation framework
 this study offers a quantitative and qualitative content analysis of the reflective practice of early adopter organizations and individuals based on a sample of self-published blog posts. Results indicate that TCPs enable affordances for communication visibility that support situated knowledge sharing and collaborative workflows. TCPs also enable affordances for multicommunication and attention allocation including flexible scaling of media modality and synchronicity. This latter)"
 exposure to a Black human character fighting non-humans reduces prejudice toward African Americans
 and criminal justice
 Spain
 mundane and fragile formation of what I refer to as ‘situated’ digital infrastructures for cultural production. While pirate-based media production can push creators to search for and develop alternative infrastructures
 and for a more diversified and representative media. By looking at case studies of leadership insurgency in parties and the impact of new media in creating the discursive conditions for their emergence
 I propose to conceptualize media sociology as a networked transf)"
 Luís António"
 and rescue. Online public opinion
 were less prevalent in the sample than expected
 the media consumption paradigm is worldwide evolving from passive and isolated consumer experiences toward interactive and group shared experiences between remote consumers. Nevertheless
"Njoroge
 recalling specific episodes of martial action. Like the vision of civic life broadly disseminated through the pages of the press during this time
 we argue for studying digital activisms in a way that traverses a two-dimensional axis of digital technologies and activist practices
 its position among complex dramas and edgy sitcoms—I will also trace the ways in which Fuller House engages in postfeminist discourse and raises pertinent questions about family values
 the writer argues that the MENA’s youth
 challenge stereotypes
 as well as over 200 million Internet users. These developments have engendered a growing discourse that emphasizes the growth and dynamism of Indian media. However
 and scientists
 )"
 Copyright of Journal of Magazine & New Media Research is the property of AEJMC Magazine Division and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 by offering a typology of nostalgic on)"
 Copyright of International Journal of Communication (19328036) is the property of University of Southern California
 years
 users may print
 Temos assistido
"Bondebjerg
 and thus motivations. To evaluate media effects on interest and participation
 while more selective visual attention to news on websites leads to learning of specific subjects only. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 but also due to their direct subtextual connections with wider socio-cultural
 interpretative journalism tended to)"
 I explore the mechanisms and characteristics of Vu as a micro-celebrity within YouTube as a platform. I suggest the concept of ‘subcultural microcelebrity’ to nuance
 but also by locating boundaries established by a white perspective. Findings indicat)"
 new tools
 we formulate an updated working definition of advertising as “brand-initiated communication intent on impacting people.” We also test and validate this definition and the three dynamics in a content analysis of recently published advertising research (2010 to 2015). In doing so
 which claims to portray gender identities and relations in ways that are both more inclusive and diverse
 however
 the links between citizens' political
"Banda
 Copyright of Telematics & Informatics is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without)"
 the qualitative communication network analysis has been applied to distinguish “localists” from “centrists”
 the strong presence of Christianity and its generally negative perception among the non-Christian public sometimes render both familiarity/relatability and a sense of discomfort
 el estudio refleja varias tendencias que esbozan el uso de Twitter por algunos periodistas de relevancia. ¿Están practicando un periodismo diferente? Por ejemplo
"Martín Jiménez
 radio
 and creating information
 and Chinese newspapers were less likely to speculate about causation before the final official conclusion was reached. US and Korean media maintained a negative tone toward each other
 personal
 and others. This study builds upon Rains and Brunner’s critiques about the over-reliance on the Facebook brand and calls for more scholarship that examines social media as part of larger media repertoires
 this study attempts to understand the role of the Facebook in shaping our interpersonal relations. The study explores the social experiences of 456 Facebook users in three universities in Assam to investigate the role of Facebook in helping build these young users' social networks and potentially extend their social capital. Th)"
 and as a platform for mobilizing and facilitating broad public engagement. Greenpeace seized the affordances of the Facebook platform and introduced new means of online mobilization and engagement. These e-tactics proved effective for engaging diverse transnational supporters in the ca)"
 as a research target and analyze and evaluate its portfolio management. NHK has introduced the Value for Money (VFM) index through the measurement of WTP (Willingness to Pay)
 and this in turn has seminal consequences for the interpretation of the quotation. This paper will demonstrate that monologisation is an effective means for journalists to steer the reading of the article and to include their own points of view without breaking the professional rule that journalism must separate facts from opinions. The results of this study are based on a comparison between two types of empirical data; recordings of journalistic interviews
 instead of enabling
 engage consumers
 and Facebook in particular
 they show that the competition is relaxed and the incentives to invest in quality lacks. In this respect
 and from a great variety of sources on an increasing number of different media platforms
 community media for social change (Rodríguez 2011)
 such as direct mode of address and ""fresh talk
 as are “new” ones
 Les études en communication canadiennes ont généralement négligé la recherche sur les médias canadiens pour les enfants. Pourtant
 the use of them in financial and economic discourses and their particular categorization to make sense of the crisis situations. In the second part
 download
 bisexual
 desde produção amadorística de conteúdo até a reprodução de conteúdos )"
 our results show that this polarization is characterized by a strong--but no)"
 depending on immigration history
 users may print
 English newspapers
 Canada adopted one of the most proactive ethnic media strategies in the country in 2015 when
 moral
 Copyright of SKASE Journal of Theoretical Linguistics is the property of Slovenska asociacia pre studium)"
 and the frequency of appearance. The obtained data were subjected to the regular statistical analyses used in content analysis
 racial
 while others worry that they increase ideological segregation. We address the issue by examining webbrowsing histories for 50
 Aitor and  Pineda-Martínez
 and factors associated with seeking health information
 and experts. Despite the diversity of sources
 the social
 directions
 where the participant of the art work can interfere. Our goal is to understand how such a dynamic alters the man's relationship to the image
 two types of borrowing
 Harald and  Orgeret
 howe)"
 supported
 and relevance and reputation data strategy perspectives. Furthermore
 has been largely deemed as a component of identity construction and a means of displaying an anti-main stream taste in music marked by a countercultural attitude. Given the fact that one's taste in music has been an indicator of social status with its relationship to one's level of cultural capital
 the aims of this assignment are to increase the student's ability to apply content analysis methods in an actual media context
 tattoos have become increasingly fashionable
 the role of intake of diverse foods and nutrients in advancing or hindering obesity among children
 has launched initiatives for media literacy at Teixeiro Prison (A Coruña) using participant observation techniques and service learning. These initiatives have resulted in the development of an Archive of Voices of the World
 and Therriault’s (2014) measure of sociodemographic cross-pressures. Our method allows for research on important aspects of the current media environment that are impossible with existing measures
 Copyright of International Journal of Communication (19328036) is the property of University of Southern California
 enter territories with IP-controlled content
 USC Annenberg Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 the blurring lines between informative and persuasive media content and between massproduced and user-generated content. The articles were drawn from a special postconference jointly spo)"
 but not much has changed. This article uses personal interviews and qualitative analysis of legal documents to examine ERTU's legal framework
 Jr. created in 1887 and carries on today with a different name under the ownership of the New York Times Co. The focus of our study is articles of opinion—editorials
 which is linked to certain power dynamics and an informal economy of solidarity. Secondly
 frames and agendas made by various actors over time
 where the appearance of advertising on a website is controlled by software rather than human decision-making. On the consumer side
 especially those relating to immigration
 this study explores how diverse market sectors and key constituents perceive and apply engagement. In-depth interviews were conducted with 74 subjects from various sectors across 8 countries and textually analyzed using a qualitative data analysis software. Utilizing thematic analysis
 to consider the context and affordances of multiple platforms
 the article's first section explores the listening approach
 however
 news as a whole declines while deliberation
"Broad
 the video games have been embraced as a ""land of opportunity and adventure"" by the pioneers of this new field of study
 our findings suggest that the development of digital technology in recent years has brought about chang)"
 social media is extensively adopted platform for e-commerce. Although
 teacher-training programmes
 and how this can be connected to longer traditions of debate about the direction and intensity of global media flows. Finally
 may have the potential to promote multiethnic intergroup relations through forging a sense of neighborhood belonging. Based on survey data consisting of 405 diverse community members
 little is known about Middle Eastern Arab girls’ responses to original and censored versions of Disney media—which
 Copyright of Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media is the property of Broadcast Education Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple )"
 Copyright of Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media is the property of Broadcast Education Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multip)"
"Meluch
 our findings indicate that NER approaches struggle to generalise in diverse genres with limited training data. Unseen NEs
 interactivity
"Warner
 securing original insights into the epistemic terms upon which NGOs have sought to produce
 the journalist and the interviewee
 more than half (52%) of journalists said media o)"
 were threatened and forced to leave the country. Their outlets were damaged and forbidden to operate. Shown as a model of ‘professionalism’
"Reich
 their affordability together with platform access and handset histories
"Costache
 and different degrees of reflexivity or critical awareness of journalists' own blind spots and limitations. Most interviewees expressed passionate support for the norm of verification
 and centralised layout and editing is recognised internationally
 with different)"
 with newspapers appearing to align themselves along partisan lines. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 a content study of one of MBC's leading television public affairs programmes
 non-institutional actors (e.g. bloggers) conformed less than institutional players (e.g. governments and news media) to that structure. This study also found that non-institutional actors assumed the ro)"
 based primarily on ideas developed in social psychology
 a significant challenge lies in the question of how to create a coherent media entity out of aggregated content that may be contradictory
 including Higher Education in Further Education (HE in FE). The varied constituency of the network could be described as innovative in that it facilitates a range of formal and informal exchanges
 but the results regarding need to evaluate pointed to cognitive biases other than selective exposure. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 and PROTECT IP Act (PIPA). This study applies a mixed-methods approach that combines text and link analysis with human coding and informal interviews to map the evolution of the controversy over time and to analyze the mobilization
 symbols systems
 Italy
 an international news event with local implications
 the practical ability to disseminate it was determined by the access to scarce resources
 we argue that not only important public figures
 and their recruiting strategies
 accessible
 Scientific
 an outdoor adventure program in partnership with the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. Her perspectives on diversity
 due to demographic and cultural differences; and 3) participants shared challenges and opportunities that multicultural media afford to better connect municipal government and EICs. The paper's findings make important empirical contributions to the literature on the integrative)"
 and media contexts of those cities. This allows us
 on 3 May
 and analyzes a series of relevant policy measures. It is suggested that such measures should have a much more significant role in liberal democratic media policy to counter increasing trends for new forms of media activity to become more fr)"
 ownership and media
 if somewhat hesitant about its implementation and likely effects. For a full explanation of the methodology of the research project
 this article proposes that we focus on the fetishistic character of the media policy process
 and the scarce reference to a wider European context. Finally
 embrace of certain hallmarks of “alternative journalism
 but little to no scholarly analysis. This article responds to this lack of scholarship of this robust area of media practice by examining the experiences of participants at four well-established
 acceleration in the concentration of media ownership. The presence of these legacy actors is almost as important in the new media sector as in newspapers
 but there is little alignment between public perceptions of these emerging practices and local government behaviours in the same space. The publics seeking to engage with local governments on SNS
 Au moyen de carnets d'écoutes
 so the causal impact of social media use remains unclear. The present study examines how Facebook use influences reported political participation using an experiment. We recruited young Greek participants without a Facebook account and randomly assigned a subset to create and maintain a Facebook account for a year. In this paper we examine the effect of having a Facebook account on diverse modes of online and offline participation after six months. We find that maintaining a Facebook account had clearly negative consequences on reports of offline and online forms of political )"
 the essay suggests that global warming is an ethical challenge which communication scholars can best help solve with a combination of natu)"
 Sabariah"
 a transitional democracy with a highly partisan media environment. The results showed that although reading more newspapers is positively related to nominal agenda diversity and thematic agenda diversity
 reality TV shows. Movie and theatre recommendations are
 advocated cross-ownership based on economic values ignoring social values. On the other hand
 )"
 Polish and Romanian media coverage of the EU political
 (2) consisting of a plurality of experiences
 radio
 users may print
 which is particularly useful and valid for media education. The ultimate goal is to rebuild the social
 or email articles for indiv)"
 that consolidation has on the presentation of local content on television newscasts. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 existing educational materials are not theoretically grounded
 we find the Chinese television market exhibits the Core-Peripheral model where a few channels dominate the marketplace and the rest are viewed by niche segments of the audience. In contrast
 and China--providing a wide range for comparison. A further distinction can be made
 despite formidable obstacles
 and the format of presentation. Even before Robert Weaver retired in 1985
 and media coverage of immigrants featuring sensationalism inadvertently promotes stereotypes. This paper discusses two actions taken by the QFM Radio in Zambia as acts of media retaliation to protest against the 2015 xenophobic attacks. The first was banning air play of all South African music on its radio station. The second was initiating an anti-xenophobia protest logo that facilitated civic engagement and participation in an effort to stop xenophobia and attract the attention of global media. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Emma"
 which relate to individual differences (such as extent of social media use or awareness of social media data mining) and differences in social media data mining practices themselves (such as the type of data gathered
 bottom-up
 Political Context and Informed Citizenship: A Comparative Study”
 this study content-analyzed Hong Kong newspaper coverage of protests. The results show that the protest paradigm is more likely to emerge if the protest involved radical tactics
 this means that serendipity management should be understood as creating suitable conditions for serendipitous creative processes and facilitating creative work
 public awareness and interest
 share and document their renovations reflects the diversity of this economic landscape. From how-to videos on YouTube and the curated homewear pages of Pinterest to the mainstream impact ofThe Block
 to convince editors to publish new sources. The reportage model
 Twitter is one social media platform that is being used in innovative ways to support communities. This study explores learning as a motivation for participating in the successful Twitter-based CoP Health Care Social Media Canada (#hcsmca). #hcsmca uses tweet chats (planned synchronous discussions aggregated by a hashtag) to engage in robust dialogues assoc)"
 were proposed and answered. Our results reveal two main challenges faced by the field. First
 especially in regard to online social media
 it is proposed that the linguistic/discursive study of citizenship should be expanded beyond a rather narrow emphasis on political proposals about language testing to include the diverse
 slave labor
 Telecinco
 the media firms choose a multi-ideology strategy
 this paper seeks to reignite this debate by investigating different types of print media regulation and support in Scandinavia
 Cameroon
 public service–oriented journalism
 transitioning from being passively covered by media to becoming active users of social media
 Lance"
 and rules. The efforts provide lessons for policymakers and media reform movements elsewhere. The European failure derives from debates over whether pluralism should be sought at the national or European level
 however
 socio-political
 specifically in terms of spelling
 and Internet romance scams are a common and growing malady worldwide. Focusing on how it manifests in diverse digital cultures will aid in the shaping of new Internet laws for a more inclusive cross-cultural public. In specific
 it connects media and communications scholarship concerned with datafication to debates in other related and overlapping fields
 the authors redeveloped the curriculum for a 4000-level technical editing class. The curriculum reduced the focus on text editing and markup; instead
 the MORP optimizes the resource provisioning cost from both the resource cost and forwarding delay. Moreover
 the presence of alternative voices in the new media and a dramatic reduction in the ability to manage and control information. Using a case study approach
 including Hansard in the 18th century
 assertive and strong discussions have greater influence than analytical ones. These results have implications for the practice of citizenship and the theory of selective exposure as well as for future directions in political communication research. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Les services de rencontre en ligne sont devenus un moyen de plus en plus acceptable pour les célibatair)"
 with the growing recognition of crisis response as persuasive communication there is a need for an interdisciplinary approach which would help researchers understand the effects that crisis messages have on the perceptions and behaviours of stakeholders. Therefore
 including mission-critical IoT communication
500 cases of <italic>haber</italic> + plural NP
 together they predicted community participation through multiple media use and the media gratifications obtained
 upon completing this project
 including exploratory factor analysis and confirmatory factor analysis
 such as internet cafés and mobile phone shops; virtual realms where new media technologies potentially facilitate entrepreneurship
 the broader social network and the material conditions of access
"GIJZEN
 in what D. Massey would describe as an 'intersection of local and global social relations'. The host city arena is no longer the self-evident 'centre' for this event
 I focus on multilingual practices in order to elucidate the current situation of English in Pakistan
 blogs
 these categories have been refined and supplemented using Joseph M. Webb's theory of rationalism and romanticism in journalism (1974). By combining Eason and Webb's theories it is possible to create a spectrum-- from ""objective"" to ""subjective""--along which to situate individual works of literary journalism. This paper includes two examples that are representative of the two modes of literary journalism: n)"
 and the evolution of source convergence throughout the crisis. The propositions are applied to the transcripts generated by focus groups that observed a series of simulated television reports about a mock crisis. Participants performed well in distinguishing among sources and their credibility
 the National Statement on Ethical Conduct in Human Research
 among others. Previous studies on the detection of plagiarism establish that it is unlikely that two authors write independently two identical sequences of more than seven words in English. This article examines whether this established similarity threshold in English can be applied into the Spanish language. In addition
 S.A. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written)"
 Argentina
 download
 the structuring logic of the typology is used
 Copyright of International Journal of Communicatio)"
 its organization and practices. The case studies reveal characteristic techniques such as managing mediated spaces for meetings and discussion; shaping the salience of target groups
 the article shows that fans' reactions to the filmic adaptations are as diverse as is the range of retellings of the Batman story. Focusing on the different interpretations of the villain Bane in the recent film franchise
 assertiveness
 as a place for discussing the variety of authentic maternal experiences
 such as developments in the actual routines of news gathering and production. Finally
 and in the context of migration to ‘multicultural’ Australia. This paper argues that publishers
 have been largely left out of any kind of research
 and they were used to construct different scenarios about the meaning of the political event. The research reveals major differences in metaphor use between the Catalan and the Spanish dailies covering the demonstration. The authors conclude that metaphor scenarios articulated a diverse discourse about the influence of citizenship agency on the political process for greater autonomy or even the independence of the region. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 which included framing
 and even resist the increasingly diverse urban population and the shifting reality of what it meant to be American during this period. It also considers the resistive potential
 because of reportage that is often tilted along ethnic and religious lines. using data obtained through participatory action research involving 40 purposively selected participant journalists
 is used to inductively propose three categories of shaming and to give some examples of the ways in which shaming is performed. The core of the paper is a theory driven analysis in which the performativity of shaming in investigative TV-journalism is analysed in the light of some converging media and societal trends. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 and the media repeat in their discourses
 and Inactives. An additional fourth cluster
 which impacts their ability to recognize opportunities and respond to technological change.)"
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. ()"
 Norbert"
 Resumen Las Afirmaciones sobre el Multiculturalismo y la Promesa de Diversidad del Periodismo El periodismo Estadounidense dominante de)"
 to demonstrate this mythological status of immediacy. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 uncritically engaging with the mass-culture produced and propagated in the festival setting. Researchers have begun to refute such claims
 the article introduces the concept of communicational doxa
 middle-class visitors became less dominant in the population
 particularly exposure diversity. The paper clarifies what a PSN project may look like given the practical reality of searching for and consuming content in the digital space. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 we then distinguish between equivalent
"Löblich
 a content analysis guided by frame theory is used to examine the ways in which Chatelaine frames information pertaining to women's health from 1928 to 2010. Findings demonstrate Chatelaine's growth in women's health content
 we distinguish four types of boundary management strategies. We analyze the effects of these strategies on politicians’ social media use practices – and find that considering boundary management strategies allows for a better understanding of politicians’ online engagement (or lack thereof). [ABSTRACT )"
 topics
 mass mobilizations and global solidarity. These communicative tactics in the activist ‘repertoire of communication’ are informed by several important commitments to alternative content and processes
 the influence of religious communities and churches in bonding
 Copyright of Howard Journal of Communications is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the co)"
 lack of effective implementation of regulations in the competition field
 the FCC's attribution rules
 such as a public interest test and the co-existence of public broadcasters and radio stations of a community type whose economic survival would be supported by public and other non-profit funds. Such a media policy would require a relaxation of the ownership rules and strengthening of the role of regulation and regulatory institutions which should monitor th)"
 such as CNN
 this study investigates the causal relationships among the longitudinal changes in public agenda diversity
 1)
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)"
 the results point to greater diversity in issue promotion for the U.S. advertorials than for the Indian advertorials. Furthermore
 exposure to dissenting political opinion
 have become a symbol of pluralism
 the article discusses a way in which participatory media has been piloted to enable community discussion about issues around climate change in the Pacific Islands. The 'bottom-up' approach encourages participation of marginalised groups such as women
 how it does so varies between sources seen as conservative and sources seen as liberal. The study discusses implications relating to theories about media perceptions. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Copyright of Media International Australia (8/1/07-current) is the property of Sage Publications
 because of the complexity of the world and
 we should focus on social actors and their playful performances. By employing an ethnographic/discourse analytic approach to language and new media
 I wish to challenge the assumption of some media activism literature in defining certain phenomena as)"
 and (5) a high use of staged media activities. It is hypothesized that MPs of the pole parties engage more in audience-oriented activities than MPs of the center-right parties
 Information and Culture. Results and conclusions. The study has confirmed
 indicating robust agenda-setting effects of the media on the public
 an analysis of participant discussions about media practices and life in the United Kingdom reveals more about the politics of representation and belonging in a period of considerable instability and change than it reveals about reported practices. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 perceived intrusiveness
 is the best way to promote diversity of opinions in various media outlets. Yet there are other important
 in spite of the promise that the transition held
 the world's largest democracy
 2009 a ruling by the Kuala Lumpur High Court overruled the earlier ban
 Copyright of At the Interface / Probing the Boundaries is the property of Editions Rodopi BV and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright hol)"
 rather than creating prejudice by using ‘New Zealand passport holder’
 social network site usage and greater levels of engagement. These findings imply that although Internet usage alone is unlikely to transform existing patterns in political participation radically
 and by comparing general-market with Latina/o-oriented prestige press. This study found the 2 presses' coverage in opposition
 and life sciences executives on the topic. We conducted an online survey with 107 people from varying positions and perspectives within these industries. From CEO to CIO
 such as Foucault's work on discourse analysis. The article concludes that radio has a distinctive part to play in the teaching of language and media studies to large cohorts of student)"
 implications that so far are not reflected in media law and policy
 the authors examine social tagging data for 44 firms across 14 markets. After controlling for accounting metrics
 this non-profit )"
 and how these two expressive media behave when placed into dialogue. We hope that the lines of enquiry that these articles open up will reinvigorate the discussion by shedding light on the cross-fertilization between written and filmed poetry
"Domenec
 openness
 and attitudes toward blindness. The results suggest that differential exposure to the comedy clips had an impact on attitudes toward blindness with those exposed to Paterson's humor exhibiting more positive attitudes toward blindness than those who were exposed toSaturday Night Live's other-directed hostile humor. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 download
 and the nature of storytelling in the absence of a unifying author
 in tandem with an open political environment
 which is in keeping with socio-political conditions in historically “Othered” )"
 based on the diverse and considered uses of the term by the contributors to the collection. Social media consists of (a) the information infrastructure and tools used to produce and distribute content that has individual value but reflects shared values; (b) the content that takes the digital form of personal messages
 audience profile
 that Anzac Day is a sacred day of respectful remembrance. Within this frame
 a military junta (Greece) and were contained in the Soviet bloc. Using comparative history methodology
 to assess the current situation and speculate about the future of convergence in Canada. Respondents generally acknowledged that TV/print newsroom integration had not succeeded and that future convergence efforts would focus on delivering content online and developing a viable economic model for news production. Respondents offered diverse perceptions of conventional media's ability to reinvent and sustain themselves as the principal news sources for Canadians. Emerging models include the development of a corporate news service
 but presented as an inclusive model of ""Americanness."" [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 interpersonal discussion and civic engagement (measured in a national survey)
 exposes the cultural fluidity that typified everyday colonial life and reveals how radio broadcasting politicized music and oral language in novel ways. Broadcasting-as a purely sonic medium-challenged the classificatory mechanisms of the French colonial state and the racial and ethnic boundaries that undergirded colonial soci)"
 Los Lobos's 2006 album
 1996). I challenge this conception through the analysis of a case where journalists have politicized a fait divers and have used it to heighten awareness of a social problem. Certainly
 the study also adds empirical data to the current debate about the future of media self-regulation in Europe
 and was slow to interpret and integrate relevant issues such as importation policies
"Rooney
Zoe Tribur
 we should be thinking more creatively about how the public interest and journalistic diversity might be protected within a policy of consolidation. Drawing on recent legislative initiatives in the United Kingdom
 and responsibility. However
 Martina"
 the paper places hybridisation between cultural imperialism and cultural essentialism as a way of avoiding both extremes and at the same time making cultural difference accessible. This concept is then illustrated by two case studies. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 we found a strong relationship between individuals' consumption of local media contents and their local identity. Further
 Gay
 Journalism Studies and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's expre)"
 users may print
 Copyright of Journal of Communication & Religion is the property of Religious Communication Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 the article explores the launch Norwegian PSB niche channel for children NRX Super both as institutional strategy and as implemented in programming. This study demonstrates that a key PSB strategy for children's content is to reflect national culture
 the dynamics of citizen journalism communities
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the o)"
 listen to
 cultural values
 and community leaders and these broad interests led to the creation of diverse content on organized labor in the nation's newspapers. For some publishers
 the youth were “news translators” for their parents
 this article examines the use practices and meanings associated with SMS texting in today’s complex and evolving mediascape. This article argues that SMS texting is becoming re-domesticated
"Robinson
 media ownership
 the paper investigates how belonging is performatively and multi-semiotically interrogated in its online context. It shows how rap can serve as a significant site and channel for new voices in turbulent social settings characterized by rapid social change and complex diversity
 2004)
 but this did not prove to be true. In spite of the conventional wisdom that there is a love-hate relationship between the two professions
 same-sex marriage was an affirmation of the high value Canadians place on equality and diversity. This article examines the roles played by newspapers in their coverage of same-sex marriage as it relates to Canadian values and social cohesion. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 una dimensión del pluralismo mediático apenas estudiada en este país. Se analiza
 advocacy
 this article explains how media assistance has developed
976 websites visited by 402 participants) for the period 7 weeks prior to the 2013 Israeli national elections. The results indicate that (1) self-report measurements of ideological exposure are inflated
 which situate women as active participants in the sporting spectacle. Whereas sexy women who followed men’s sport or male athletes were once derided as “groupies
 and to crystallize involvement into political acts with other offline actions. Rather than decaying to an echo chamber or “slacktivism”
 were more influential than community-level factors in explaining level of attention. Community structural pluralism was not a strong predictor of attention to feedback via marketing data or online. These findings suggest a business motive in editors' communication and reinforce previous research pointing to the importance of organizational and peer-level factors in shaping journalists' response to audiences. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 youth used a variety of semiotic tools to establish relationships and address the considerable challenges of digitally mediated communication with unknown others. This study suggests that educationally focused social networks can be designed for
 Copyright of Media
 formal and linguistic variables in the acceptance or object)"
 privacy-based strategies
 Copyright of Journal of Media Business Studies is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written pe)"
 which raises questions about the fragmentation of potential audiences
 Anthony and  Al-Wahid
 and the United Kingdom) have been selected for analysis. The general hypothesis
 as the peace process continues on the island
 and the 2013 Italian elections. However
 in which the consumers insert themselves and their experiences into the narrative
 creating a sense of solidarity among diverse ethnic Indians and showing Indians as exemplary and superior to nationals from other developing nations
 which addresses ideological concerns regarding diversity
 there are important elements of value in traditional audience research that need to be kept
 DR (Denmark) or YLE (Finland) have provided some relevant cases of convergence to date. In Spain
 I analyze 3 types of media discourse surrounding this gift-giving movement: newspaper editorials
 this article argues that ethnographic research methods need to be employed in order to as)"
 followed by focus group discussions. The results demonstrate the diversity and hybridity within the Muslim women's identities-with religious
 and the liberal
 coupled with the host's commitment to journalistic norms of objectivity and diversity
 the rites represent today a dimension that belongs at the same time to anthropology
 and geographic distribution may yield political differences. Previous investigations of Latino heterogeneity as a catalyst for unity or division are limited to narrow issue domains and the set of elections characterized by within-group diversity. It remains unclear whether Latinos will respond cohesively to co-ethnic cues in national politics. Using data state-level Web search volumes related to Sonia Sotomayor's nomination to the Supreme Court
 Comunicando la Crítica: Hacia una Conceptualización de la Crítica Periodística Motti Neiger
 we propose to generate a ranking system that recommends products that provide
 and minority ethnic (BAME) women in British politics. Only three had previously been elected to parliament but a further seven joined their ranks that year. While headlines celebrated the possibility of a “small revolution” resulting in “the most diverse parliament ever
 video diaries or user-generated content. It is time to re-evaluate these practices that so far have been marginal to media history. This article aims to open the space for new perspectives on the history of amateur media by tracing the changing relations between new technologies and different uses of amateur film and video. Charting why and how people choose to use specific technologies at particular moments and how economic
 diverse and evolving academic traditions. As a result
 social and cultural space of media production and consumption
 and education. Themes identified in transcripts showed women shared the same idea of an ideal body
 or only to ""multichannel video programming distributors"" (MVPDs)---a category that includes cable and satellite operators
 the sample was diverse
 Copyright of International Journal of Communication (19328036) is the property of University of Southern California
 blogs
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the)"
 Belgian journalists relied more on on-the-ground
 to make better sense of a ""de-McLuhanised"" Innis on the one hand
 shifting the burden of proof and discussion)"
 the glass ceiling faced by female professionals
 the development of the court system and the labor market have played a significant role in shaping state–media dynamics and offer the state the structural resilience to survive these information challenges. The implications of the new state–media regime are further discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the )"
 Shah (1999)
 Copyright of Journal of Ar)"
 and explain the relationship between language and society
 owned by a number of the United States' largest media companies. The second is Boxee
 a diversity of topical domains
 Copyright of Publishing Research Quarterly is the property of Springer Nature a)"
"Nagajothi
 if we follow the formal structures into which each film may be placed
 and access HIV prevention information: the Internet
"Hay
 and analytical procedures. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 the aid of a number of financial bilingual glossaries intended for the specialised Spanishspeaking community
 and managing various stakeholders on diverse channels becomes a primary concern for organizations these days.Design/methodology/approach The study relies on qualitative interviews with 17 communication professionals working in various industrial sectors in the Netherlands. Professionals were recruited from distinct organizations and from diverse sectors
 we believe that directing the lost of information onto artifacts could bring an elegant solution to this issue. In this paper
 Bruns (2008)
 etc. The periodical publications of that time expressed the need for liberation
 and how it relates to media use and socio-demographics amongst a representative online sample of the Flemish population (N = 1100). Findings reveal limited knowledge of ownership structures
 CBS
 there has been a dramatic increase in the availability of source material archived and accessible from the Internet. Specifically
 free
 and types of communities; Urban Grassroots Journalism Project."
 as critical factors driving this dramatic public opinion shift. Nevertheless
 the lack of effective media policies and the Berlusconi’s conflict of interest. Finally
 and whether increased participation in digital media necessarily leads to increased democratic participation. Leading Indigenous commentators in Australia suggest an inability of governments and other influential players to listen sits at the heart of the failure of Indigenous policy. This article presents two contemporary Australian case studies that showcase Indigenous participatory media response to government policy init)"
 respondents demonstrate)"
 1985). Taking into account the entire process of producing and presenting news
 for material to be ""indecent
 members of public organizations regulating the media
 newspaper size
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. )"
 we review the indicators used by Hallin and Mancini to classify the media models
 representing and reaching a complex nation. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
"Mitman
 religion
 Sweden and Norway—the article identifies and describes the dynamics between four major policy positions; transparency
 this article interrogates the manifestation of Steyn’s ‘ignorance contract’ in one form of symbolic expression in the media
 download
 p. 3). A century ahead of current attempts to develop principles for g)"
 diversity
 we look at the linguistic strategies used by psychiatrists to challenge and undermine such cinematic versions of their profession. Data come from 13 interviews conducted by a professional journalist with practising psychiatrists from the UK (n=4) and the USA (n=9). In challenging cinematic portrayals of psychiatry
"Hong
 but not so their ethnicity. The results show that television
 Copyright of New Media & Society is the property of Sage Publications
 and descriptions of community activities. Using Benedict Anderson’s construct of “imagined communities” as a framework
 like Curriculum Development Committee in English (2001)
 Pasifika and ethnic media in Aotearoa/New Zealand are also steadily expanding with implications for the media industry and journalism educators. This article examines the regional trends and how initiatives )"
 both own content and distribute programming
 users may print
 CBS
 associate dean of the Columbia School of Journalism
 this study investigates the proposition that exposure to news slanted toward one's own partisan views increases political participation
 older adults who are economically
 and spaces are structured for interaction
 les générations plus jeunes adoptent l)"
 White and Kitley 2008; White 2007). The article argues that the analysis of the construction of journalistic reality can also be adequately done from a linguistic perspective
 situational
 including the news diaries complied by working journalists
 privacy-based strategies
 and that an updated understanding of the public sphere would benefit from a network-analytic approach. Machill and Beiler report how journalists integrate online research procedures into the overall research process
 some basic legal safeguards for media freedom are still lacking)"
 2003
 it has proved itself to be the strongest media. But at present
 culture and entertainment. They raise the overall level of skills and knowledge of users along with a mixture of entertainment and information contents. The scientific and technological advancements have brought about steady fast development in the media world. New media are coming up while the old ones are being improved upon and in this process their availability has increased manifolds. They are now conquering even the remote and distant regions of the world. This multifaceted development has brought about a lot more variety than could be imagined. There has been growing multiplicity betw)"
 experimental or survey) moderates HME. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 more than a mechanism to influence levels of political interest. In contrast
 which may be considered secondary filters. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 which may be considered secondary filters. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 the paper argues that diversity is in the process of mainstreamisation as a result of similarisation of consumption of products
 textures
 this r)"
 for political interest
 art
 where everything is sized down and fragmented
 but are strongly associated with them. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 even while controlling for individual-level predictors including media use and length of residence. Using survey data from 21 communities included in the 2001 Social Capital Community Benchmark Study
 the study adopts a web-based survey of top U.S. news editors (n = 142) coupled with U.S. Census Data. The study reveals that experience as online journalists and online staff size play roles in the adoption and use of UGC. The study also finds that community structural pluralism is related to the adoption and use of news stories written together by professional and citizen journalists. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 and attribution) are closely examined and theoretically connected to three types of newspapers (mass appeal
 participants frequently reinstated contexts through tailored performances and audience separation. These findings provide insight into stigmatized identity performances in networked publics while situating context collapse within a br)"
 and that informational uses are associated with reduced projection. Moreover
 Melbourne community radio is a vibrant and active mix of much that represents Australia - and the contemporary global condition. This article draws on data collected during two national studies of Australia's community media sector (Forde
 particularly for women. For the bump
 and stewardship as fundamental dimensions of responsibility
 hybrid
 contact by contact
 thereby delegitimat)"
 the article shows how the authorities apply a Leninist mass-communication logic to the web
 Copyright of Public Relations Review is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without)"
 the much needed debate on the human suffering and the civilian death toll may have bee)"
 when preferences over program content get more pronounced
 soldiers may be exposed to a sense of boredom that may well turn out to be a serious and enduring challenge
 Copyright of Journal of International Communication is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However)"
 communication and participation stand-in for motivation
 ""the citizens learn about pressing issues of the day
 the sample was diverse
 because the Fairness Doctrine applied to a much broader range of topics. In 1987
 political
 Copyright of Global Media Journal: Australian Edition is the property of Global Media Journal: Australian Edition and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
Subhas Singha Roy
"Taneja
 Oct 2008) brought together people with a wide range of community media experience to discuss this and other issues
 and employs transaction-cost economics as a framework for interpreting indications of increasing consolidation. Changes in religious radio may in turn suggest how liberalized rules have affected ownership and)"
 including experiencing both the 2000 and the 2006 coups. He later returned to Fiji as social media educator for the National Council for Building a Better Fiji (NCBBF). The Council was critical of the media during the period it developed a draft of the People's Charter. It recommended changes to the law to establish a Media Tribunal
 equity
 interest groups
 we conducted a network
 from media verisimilitudes: they are understood by media audiences as having control over the believable rather than the “real”. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 availability
 the nearby international business hub
 youth media provide opportunities for creative expression and civic engagement in spaces in which youth participation is often marginalized. Secondly
)"
” as opposed to the “scenes of violence” shown by the national news
 the data show
 (2) language and brand names
 which include prestige or peer pressure
 the assessments concerning the mediating role of heterogeneous discussion illustrate that late-night comedy can draw a higher level of political involvement from those who are highly educated. The present study urges the field to extend the scope of the communication mediation model by incorporating a greater number of media channels and more d)"
 although they also include other areas of society in both their design and their effects. In these official documents LSU is not seen as an attribute of a group of people with a handicap
 issue-publics
 upward class mobility
 and message management). Discriminant analysis showed that blog users placed more value on the ability of being able to personalize content and to be easily accessible by a group of known friends and interested visitors
 related to social control and the production of new
 findings suggest that those who are more highly skilled with the Internet are more likely to use it for health information seeking
 but they are equally as transporting
 analysis and action. It argues for a single diverse and inclusive analytic project
 the first satellite Bangla channel in the country
 this article tries to overcome theorizations that do not consider the whole media environment with which activists interact. The newest application
 both in the academia and in lay perceptions. Secondly
 produced by and for a female minority group. Using critical feminist analysis of its contents and oral history interviews with its key editors
 but when sources are compared in expert and non-expert roles
 with 13% of press releases jointly issued. Compared to research results and institutional news
 the overarching discourses do not seem to be more complex than they were during previous events
 Soumya"
450 participants across 16 discussion groups from Google Groups that took place over a 2-year period. It utilizes automated text analysis
 and of sufficient quality to meet the needs of democratic publics. Drawing on the underlying principle of copyright-as a public subsidy to promote and protect access to social expression-and positive interpretations of the First Amendment
 news anchors
 these circumstances represent a new situation for media producers and for journalism in general. In a multicultural community
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should re)"
 diversity is usually postponed by managerial strategies that choose between many possible equilibriums of supply and demand. Critical scholars have so far been regularly demonstrating that investments in technology most often bring )"
"Frere
 the consumption of counter-attitudinal information barely alters trust in government nor does it produce hostile med)"
 Communication & Society is the prope)"
 despite the cynical dismissal of these similarities by a Luhmann disciple. It documents how media sociology has applied chaos theory to justify market-driven journalism and claim the emergence of a global public sphere; and it looks at the potential of network analysis
 often with an emphasis on visualization
 the more likely its editorials perceived illegal immigrants as “harmful.” [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 George"
 and where they are allowed a central role
 users may print
 and as victims. We also conclude that there is need for media to capture the voices of migrant women recounting their everyday lived experiences in different political and socio-economic contexts in order to account for the migrant women’s voices of resilience
 from BBC Worldwide and from public broadcasters that acquire their programmes
 supported by an empirical example. We use social entropy to detect the evolution of contribution inequality on Wikipedia over a period of 9 years. The paper also offers suggestions for using the conceptual framework for better understanding social media contribution structure and functional roles for practical applications. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 download
 and how to write it. The books
 the findings show that the use of analytical reporting has significantly increased in political coverage. The absence of formal separation between facts and opinions in the Chilean case confirms the global t)"
 and interview data collected from the GRAND NCE
 rather than in terms of informational goals. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Copyright of Media International Australia (8/1/07-current) is the property of Sage Publications
 inscriptions
 pointing to social diversification
 Copyright of Communication Research Reports is the property of Eastern Communication Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 having no broadcast media or uncensored newspapers
"Harrison
 this essay also reveals a problem-oriented cinematic world where the spec)"
 users may print
 to favorable relations
 chats) in a closed forum onFacebookmonitored by a tutor
 actor coverage
 Copyright of Media International Australia (8/1/07-current) is the property of Sage Publications
 and various methodological ambiguities
 Copyright of Asian Journal of Communication is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to )"
 Kerrie"
 parenting
 deliberative media content can also serve to procure and withdraw legitimation with respect to political decisions and the polity as a whole. In the second part of the article
 rests on a stark division between journalists and their audiences. The news story of the French riots was very much a new-media product in that it was created by professionals and non-professionals. In Bourdieu's vocabulary
 hawker centres
 I examine the emergence of a security framework )"
 taken as a type of 'international radio'; and on 'Internet radio flows'
 2009). This study uses survey data from political information gatherers during the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign to measure how much traditional and non-traditional media sites dominated their attention and whether factors such as demographics
 western representations of the Muslim other are based on a construction of Islam as an artificially unified religious 'other' against which the mainstream majority positions itself
 be visible in the portrayal of powerful and powerless individuals in the media. Four archival studies (with six samples) provide empirical evidence for this hypothesis and indicate that a salience power context reinforces this effect. In addition
 that preteen girls lack the skills to critically engage with the media and will emulate the 'sexualiz)"
 which
 Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permissi)"
 Copyright of Democratic Communiqué is the property of Union for Democratic Communications and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written )"
 and representations have been articulated to new media technologies in China. After providing background on China's demographic and telecommunications landscape
 Karen Brown"
 Canada
 and democracy that demarcate the limits of analysis on media pluralism. Based on a discussion of three different schools of democracy with their corresponding media roles (the liberal
 which
 Des"
 and virtual technologies in a digital age. Tracing the project through its genesis
 of a larger democratization process and
 the language functions as the prestige norm. Urdu is the medium of instruction in the government schools
 exhibition and education. Third
 draws on diverse understandings of impartiality. We argue that this 'semantic plasticity' of impartiality does not point at institutional confusion
 users may print
 Copyright of International Journal of Advertising is the property of Routledge and its)"
 users may print
 and interviews. Results indicated that instead of memorizing cultural facts
 and on the national and transnational dynamics that shape contemporary experiences of human displacement. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 it considers the coverage of the scandal surrounding expenditure on President Zuma's Nkandla homestead
 risk communication carries with it a context of assumed audience experiences and expectations. The prevailing context of risk communication is fear
 Associate Professor of Communications at St. John's University in New York
 radio and television services have been most cognizant of the need to adapt to surrounding change. Yet
 Copyright of International Journal of Advertising is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 data were collected using a variety of methods including interviews
 the behavior of Chinese consumers
 armed force
 Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation
 devices
 broadcast and online media. Our findings are derived from three complementary studies
 users may print
 and how that choice affects a broadcaster’s choice of program quality. We show that pure bundling of advertising times by a media representative impairs a major broadcaster’s choice of program quality as compared to separate selling. Furthermore
 Copyright of Journalism & Mass Communication Educator is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 rendering audiences both rational and emotional
 the study employs three large sets of data on Twitter use tagged as relevant for each of the election campaigns
 and contested in discussions of religion in the Afrosphere. This analysis argues that the intersection of race and religion within this digital counterpublic makes particular iterations of the Black diaspora visible. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 inconvenient timing
"Kruckeberg
 their non-Catholic neighbors. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 conviction and ambivalence
 media
 and a model of science journalistic depiction behavior with respect to scientific evidence was constructed. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 religion
 respondents felt that a minority executive could influence how the news media thinks of minorities. Implications of the findings for the hiring
 I aim to address this gap by investigating young people's own metalanguage in a genre where traditionally such metalinguistic awareness would be little expected - in teenage personal blogs. The material used is composed of 32 personal blogs written by American teenagers in the period between 2010 and 2013
 (2) narrowing the achievement gap through transmedia
” the use of “experts
 and at times a crime. One notable consequence of this hegemonic thinking is an alarming invisibility of plurality in the traditional Ethiopian media landscape. Drawing from hegemonic notions of development statism
 but their media channels become diversified when they access different contents. Fun seeking is the prime factor for their media consumption while traditional news is still popular
 Copyright of Journalism Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 national network TV news
 and Bertelsmann AG) in regards to their annual revenue
 as are the evolving ways of (re-)constructing the tension between the transnational and the national
 owns the two largest English-language dailies. The Fiji Times and the PNG Post-Courier
"Binder
 the ritual model of communication
 Britain and South Africa. While suggestions in Britain and Australia )"
 the ANC has adopted a market-driven approach to the development of the sector
 which reflect the needs of the organization
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)"
 users may print
 religious
 download
 and there is overt recognition and support for the national standard variety
 Copyright of Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media is the property of Broadcast Education Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 print and electronic. In other words
 which represented different strategic variations on the same ideological theme of peaceful evolution. The elite media discourse is characterized as ""established pluralism"". First
"Grosswiler
 lexical overlap was found between language policy corpora and immigration corpora. In light of the findings
 Copyright of Journalism Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or poste)"
 however
 lead to one way flow of information and entertainment programs from the Western world? Or
 and (3) define the appropriate time in the sales cycle to initiate contact with the customer and deploy the team to the customer organization. Adopting a social network perspective in Phase II
 and it articulates four key lessons that a media ecology lens brings to the understanding of media and protest. Finally
 we examine how scholars have conceptualized similarities and differences among children and families in relation to interconnected systems of oppression and privilege. We discuss how their work has challenged deficit-based approaches to cultural and social difference to understand how diverse families and young people actively negotiate media and technologies in everyday life. We argue that an intersectional
 we examine how scholars have conceptualized similarities and differences among children and families in relation to interconnected systems of oppression and privilege. We discuss how their work has challenged deficit-based approaches to cultural and social difference to understand how diverse families and young people actively negotiate media and technologies in everyday life. We argue that an intersectional
 Mikael and  Mozaffar
 (2) bring in diversity to Bangla not only from English but also from different genre of discourses
 Copyright of Howard Journal of Communications is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without t)"
"Seaton
 this study did not only compare the approaches of various news publishers with each other
 information
 and idiom for Afghanistan
 with overall references declining markedly and the term now associated mainly with di)"
 advanced the development of indigenous languages to an extent that exceeds implementation of language policies which have been introduced since the advent of a democratic South Africa in 1994. The author's rationale for adopting an introspective study is based on the dearth of I-narrator and narrator-protagonistecritureon language learning experiences of that)"
 she navigates the interfaces between multiple social groups
 the values used to cover and construct representation women athletes and women’s sports have not changed. An historic overview of media coverage of women’s sports is compared with today’s digitized
 Poindexter
 and cultural changes in Mongolian society. However
 and it is brought to bear on a national participatory event in the Norwegian public service broadcaster NRK. The article studies how institutional practices can be twisted into a new course due to internal and external pressures condensed in large projects
 and editorship of the journal ""Communication Research and Practice."""
 while technology industries are highly but decreasingly concentrated. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 download
 stereotypical
 Copyright of Journalism & Mass Communication Educator is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 an issue that has led TVE to implement a number of reforms and counter-reforms in the period from 2006–2012. Regarded as a symbol of the public service duty of state-owned broadcasters
 multisourced stories critical of corporate or government activities. The analysis draws on field theory
 download
 cultural diversity
"Moreno
 and Italy)
 users may print
"Das
 text
 Oct 2008) brought together people with a wide range of community media experience to discuss this and other issues
 practice
 users may print
 but still it's not getting the desired results. Among many reasons
 Jhumur"
 to be on the front page (or magazine cover)
 responding to when teaching news journalism. I think we are responding to two things. First
 communication frequency
 on interpretation in new media environments. In reviewing a multithreaded conversation across 4 books from literacy studies
 market uncertainty and competition)
 Copyright of Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media is the property of Broadcast Education Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 download
 monolithic terms
 in recent years
 analyzing course syllabi
 who has more available time
 it can be argued that 'diaspora is the intersection point of ethno-scapes
 SW Radio Africa
"Monju
 complexity and profundity of the Catalan voice while showing how central the publishing industry has become to its expression. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 crisis is risk manifested. Thus
 this study will attempt to outline the dynamics of diffusion and retention in two locations through the analysis of 27 sociolinguistic interviews issued from a larger fieldwork study carried out in the Governorate of alʃarqijja in 2007–2008. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 given the migration from villages to cities. This is a way of doing away with the traditional village
 we offer an in-depth understanding of how communication technologies were used and appropriated in order to democratize mainstream media
 Melbourne as a place. We show how for this generation of international students their senses of both home and Australia are fragmented
 before fixing our focus on public service broadcasting in the ‘local’ context and the changing broadc)"
 etc.) it enjoys. Through an investigation of the quantity and quality of news coverage received by a sample of 244 interest groups
 but was also marked with substantial uncertainty about the macrostructural and microstructural composition of the reports. [ABSTRACT FROM AU)"
 but crucially by classed moralities that profoundly shape judgments to sufferers and the media that represent them. A synthesis of ethnographic audience research with middle-class and low-income populations in disaster-prone Philippines shows how middle-class moralities of respectability inform social denial to proximal suffering
 the complaints are numerous and represent diversified public sectors
 the article suggests that the globalisation and digitisation of communication has contributed to a multi-layered and more complex global media scene
 learning and anxieties they face in everyday life. These data are analysed drawing on frameworks developed to understand child work and children’s agency in the fields of critical sociology and social anthropology. Findings suggest the need for a revised analysis of media use and cultural meaning in middle and low income contexts as strongly inflected by children’s social class
 Emirati
 and key informant interviews with major stakeholders. The key finding is that in the period under examination
 Copyright of Media
 the quality of that coverage is not influenced by the size of the Asian American community. In cities with larger Asian American populations
 brings about its own specific set of values and lifestyle. On the other hand
 recognizing influences of both endogenous and foreign cultures accumulated throughout the modernization process. These layers hence embrace a spectrum that links the endogenous cultural foundations of writing and reading (in this case those nurtured in Japan) with the surface level layers that are constituted by ‘universalistic’ (or global) standards of jour)"
 ethnic and religious groups—pluralism not secularization—is the best model for understanding religion in a globalizing world. The following is a transcript of his speech. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 users may print
 and social backgrounds. The girls clearly distinguish between different circles of social closeness on Facebook
 we return to the epistemological quandaries raised by Oppenheimer’s film
 journalism
 Copyright of Journalism History is the property of Association for Education in Journalism & Mass Communication
 policy plans and actual practices of de-centralised PSM are being analysed. Findings in the four case studies (the United Kingdom
 show that they are presenting Americans with pro-Bush administration
 and critical service learning may be drawn upon in journalism education as resources in )"
 journalists often framed the conference by its geographical and ideological contexts
 users may print
 he offers a complementary vision of concrete action on the part of local
 and (e) limited audience access to diverse sources of information. Reforms designed to address these problems could include the appointment of special prosecutors to investigate crimes against journalists; replacement of criminal libel laws with civil procedures; legislation protecting journalists' sources and guaranteeing transparency in government; the establishment of nonpartisan boards to allocate broadcast concessions
 Arizona
 MSNBC)
 with articles that often differ in their content
 with sources of change in the news division examined for impact. Eliasoph's work served as the point of departure
"Roy
 Copyright of European Journal of Communication is the property of Sage Publications
"Craig
 Jamilia P."
 Patricia A. and  Cameron
 Diana"
 I have tried to classify the various theories and approaches about the essence of the media in three branches: functionalistic
 the national research reputation of the communication faculty
 among which is the challenge of balancing diversity with competence in staff recruitment. The key lesson is that
 and many are concerned with the clash of business demands with professional practices. Of central concern is whether the enterprise of journalism and mass communication education can become a potentially vital source of information and guidance to such diverse publics. Through journals
 through nonuse
 showing an enhanced sociolinguistic awareness. On the other hand
 but sought to develop the elements for a specifically African-centred application. The paper presents the development of particular criteria and indicators that constitute a home-grown and relatively legitimated system which can serve diverse purposes within African countries - and perhaps more widely as well. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 the move also carried substantial political implications. La Prensa and the Catholic Church had long been aligned with the powerful economic elite and shared similar histories. Both
 editorial criticism did not subside until the president's death. Even then
 a cursory survey of first-person statements found in books
Xiao-huang Yin
 users may print
 empirical
 and attracted participants from as far away as Algeria
 and for its potential to reconfigure the republic
"de Silva
 Copyright of Pacific Journalism Review is the property of Pacific Media Centre
 voice and hearing
 Copyright of Continuum: Journal of Media & Cul)"
 costly locations (i.e.
 interface
 a country which is consider)"
 but also because of the increase in the quality and dialogue potential of these ""great goo)"
 who they are and where they belong
 and programming opportunities for independent syndicators. The study uses published industry directories to reconstruct a year-by-year picture of changes in syndicated religious radio programming for the period 1993-2000
 anonymity
 and encouraging youth “voice.” Although youth media organizations struggling with sustainability often conflate these practices
 download
 the younger participants demonstrating shared media uses and preferences (e.g. focusing more on entertainment and less on the country of origin). Although ethnic roots are important
 is only brought to life once the outcomes of a particular hack are communicated in comprehensible manners to diverse publics and audiences. Overall the article points to the emergence of new modes and practices of expertise by conceptualizing the Club’s active demon)"
 rather than the end point of the analysis
 in return
 Latina/os were distant second in relation to African Americans in terms of scholarly attention. The academic discourse did not differ much from popular discourses wherein the imagined racial diversity of the U.S. nation was treated as binary. In this schema
 developed in July
 Estonian
 with the purpose of clarifying the different ways in which media pluralism can be pursued and achieved. The study reveals that although nearly all of the main European TV networks rely on a public–private structure
847)
 this article determines how the three studied components (claim to fame
 differentiated by political reform and media market environments
 the magazine reflected an emphasis on teaching the ideals of press freedom and acceptance of diverse points of view. By 1950
 and cultural differences all have created a complex planning environment. I suggest that the EU currently may be focusing on instrumental goals to the neglect of identity goals
 audience
 to family and friends. The project forms one part of Tiffany's wider commitment to developing citizens' media initiatives and civic engagement in Fairfield
 MTV Networks' and Logo's programming strategies
 why and how we imitate media
 download
 Copyright of Chinese Journal of Communication is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's expres)"
 thus
"Gao
Zhou Tingsheng and  Hu Suhua
 identifies the node most affected by congestion and prevents imminent packet drops by rerouting the video flows around the congested node. A hybrid simulation-emulation-based test-bed is bui)"
 these narratives erase power differences between women
 Richard and  Maddison
 this study examines the nature and depth of theGlobe and Mailnewspaper's news coverage of Africa. The analysis shows a paradoxical news discourse at play in the newspaper's overall coverage of Africa from 2003 to 2012. Thus
 from a common ancestor to the subsequent diversification regarding news content. These results show that phylogenetic models can be very helpful in understanding the evolution of conceptual metaphors
 and (c) use of first-person singular and plural pronouns predicts post-breakup adjustment. Findings suggest that language style differences in private and public accounts from the same person may illustrate variations in how individuals adjust to stressful experiences. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 as a result
"Swerling
 users may print
"Cass
 download
 the editor's education level and the newspaper's organizational complexity
 secondly
 Copyright of Political Communication is the property of Routledg)"
 this study bridges television news content analyses and decisionmaking research to explore the concept that the frequency and diversity of portrayals of African American television newsmakers are engendered in the television news decisionmaking process. The study takes issue with what is representative and offers suggestions about how television news decisionmakers as well as organizations that subsidize television news can bring parity to portrayals of African American)"
 exemplify very productive compositional patterns. The frequency and naturalness with which change of state ve)"
 fiction and criticism ranging from 1790s to the 1930s). While studies of new dialect formation have focused overwhelmingly on phonological features (with the notable exception of Fritz in 2005)
 as the posited correct form of spectatorship)"
 heavier consumption of Blacks' overrepresentation as criminals on local television news was positively related to the perception of Blacks as violent. The theoretical implications of these findings are discussed in light of chronic activation and accessibility of stereotypical constructs. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 in serving the public interest. These questions rest on the ability of policy-makers to assess two distinct
 and others. This article identifies and discusses the first see-through graphical interface
 Copyright of Journal of Radio Studies is the property of Broadcast Education Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 Medya-TV and Roj-TV
 egalitarian and neoliberal models – and their connection with specific conceptions of democracy. Then
"RØNNING
 as long as it is recognised that neoliberalism is hegemonically constituted through a plurality of (inter)discursive forms and rhetorical strat)"
 they tend to ignore the ways in which multiculturalism is given meaning in the everyday praxis of a school of journalism: classroom discussions
 Engagement
"Bolinger
 polarization
 has resulted in various technological solutions surrounding Arabic
 the statistical analysis suggests a limited impact on the number of local owners when considering the gradual change from regulation to deregulation. However
 users may print
 the )"
 and few opportunities for professional development are sources of tension. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
"Khan
 sexualized
 users may print
 a quantitative content analysis method was used to collect data. Our statistical analyses confirmed that rational appeals about mobile telephone adoption were emphasized in these discourses. Because mobile telephones have diffused exponentially in the Greater China Regi)"
"Míguez-González
 it is also suggested that what is termed cultural working memory improves our understanding of the remembering and forgetting of actual celebrities
 Jisu and  Vlad
 non-legal audience. This article has a particular focus on the role of the fam)"
 and evaluation of communication programs. The Excellence study
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the )"
 Copyright of Canadian Journal of Communication is the property of Canadian Journal of Communication and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 examines Turkish radio broadcasts in The Netherlands assessing whether those radio stations and programmes are contributing to a participatory debate and to what extent they are reflecting the characteristics typical of community media. These issues are discussed around a number of axes
 Copyright of Journal of Mass Media Ethi)"
 propositions are offered for a more systematic study of ethnic media and their ro)"
 the OME (n=8) and OME + (n=8) based on OME history during the first year of life. Subjects in the OME group were free of the disease for 4/5 visits and pure tone average (PTA) was 12.6 dB HL (SD=4.8). Subjects in the OME+ group had the disease on 3/5 visits and PTA was 23dB HL (SD=2.7). Experimental stimuli were six monosyllabic novel word-pairs. Members of each word-pair differed o)"
"Aguaded
 Rachel Alterman"
 satellite television and other media help construct a web of connections among these ‘transnations’ enabling them to maintain and enhance their cultural identities. Diasporas have creatively engaged with transnational media and are participating in a ‘globalisation-from-below’. An increasingly cosmopolitan outlook has been fostered by the inter-continental links. But multiculturalism policies tend erroneously to continue viewing members of immigrant communities as having engaged in a oneway trajectory that breaks ties with their past. The current conceptualisation of multiculturalism as fixed within the context of the nation-state does not allow for a well-considered response to the tr)"
"Hardin
 they articulatemaisha mtaani[life in the neighbourhood] as complex
 which through journal publications
"Luckman
 or they report not interacting with others about their views on societal issues at all. We also find that particular forms of online participatory activity
 Copyright of Political Communication is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copie)"
 Copyright of Journalism & Mass Communication Educator is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or po)"
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)"
 the rapid development of both overseas and local television services has greatly diminished the audience for national
 Culture & Society is the property of Sage Publications
 Copyright of European Journal of Communication is the property of Sage Publications
 developed without linguists' input and reflecting a ``traditional'' view of language. The materials were flawed
 users may print
 but not to the extent of excusing those that perpetuate the domination of power over truth. This article suggests that the right balance can be struck with an open mind that is sensitive to differences of context
 loose
690). We look at majority youth
 different levels of Internet usage
 which are needed to establish an appreciation of the role and functioning of advertising in a modern context. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
"" by Susan L. Carruthers."
 journalists have expanded their definition of what religion coverage means in an increasingly diverse and secular society
"Williamson
 Sharon and  Liebler
 I argue the desire to address and be addressed by one's ""followers"" on Twitter creates a new reality
"Lattuca
 and hard work as means of gaining economic empowerment and independence. This offers insight into how Jacques Garvey
 users may print
 Cette étude propose une analyse critique et )"
"Kampf
 affirmative action
 and moreover
 rather
 since European integration after the fall of the Berlin Wall was an issue of broad elite consensus
 and policymakers have directed minority language media practices in response to their own shifting conceptions of an existing
 a more comprehensive understanding of the role of the media for integration purposes and a diversification of measures
 that advertising finance has made possible production and provision of high-quality
 and students' messages posted on a Facebook group. Semi-structured interviewing was used as a major data gathering method as this made it possible to better explore the extent and qualities of the students' sense-making and learning about their exchange experience. Six themes emerged indicating that the exchange students used a range of approaches to interact and communicate with people to gain intercultural perspectives. They made sense of educational systems
 Marouf"
 Heather"
 users may print
 one finding suggests that increased minority staffing actually may have a negative effect on minority reader trust. Given these results
 on the one hand
 however disturbing it may be. More specifically
 using a representative population sample (N=7
 users may print
"Ogunyemi
 alongside studies of other sources of political information and commentary
 1964) is significant in OLS and robust to instrumental variable estimation. Because the total market diversity metric is arguablysuperior to the incremental metric as a measure of overall diversity
 Copyright of Global Media & Communication is the property of Sage Publications
 and being held to mediate
 users may print
 theology
"Michel
 online fan clubs have taken on a new dynamic: marked by the appearance of a more direct form of dialogue between artist and fans and a more regular
 or email articles for individual use. Thi)"
 content
 have limited applicability to self-complexity as an outcome of media exposure. Thus
 textual analysis of institutional media
 envisioned the beauty ideal
 and highlights the complex relationship between various social actors and the numerous avenues used to shape public information and perception. While corporations causing pollution mainly serve as barriers to civil society using the media effectively to highlight environmental injustices (e.g. through corporate media sponsorships
 both from within and outside the continent
 on the potential of media to generate meaning in a broader sense
 and media use differences between the groups. Results also suggest that politica)"
 there is a significant variation in the degree to which the regulatory framework incorporates all types of pay television. It also argues that the de-regulatory frameworks in Japan and South Korea have been less effective than in Hong Kong SAR in incorporating all )"
 dual diversification significantly contributes to increases in cash flow. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Copyright of Journal of Media Economics is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to )"
 and (3) the question of how rhetoric ""belongs to"" or is used by different social interest)"
 habit strength was the most powerful predictor of news consumption overall. Consumption of depth and hometown newspaper sources were related to current events knowledge. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 and Washington crossing the Delaware
 the authors could not find a general correlation between size and diversification on the one hand and performance on the other hand. The authors' reason that exploiting size effects in the media and communications industry is far from simplistic and cross-media synergies may take more time and effort to leverage than assumed. Therefore
 EBITDA and sales growth rates revealed a U-shaped relationship with diversification. That is
 Copyright of Journal of Media Economics is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 which prohibits the same entity from owning a cable system and a station in the same market."
 was used as the“reality gauge”for this study. While the newspapers presented ratios of male and female competitors realistically
 multi-channel processing and mediating variables before turning to the need to replicate the ELM and to offer recommendations for its future development. Research limitations/implications -- This paper offers a series of questions in terms of research implications. These include whether ELM could or should be r)"
 we contend that future research on PR pasts should seek to be relevant to three clusters of contemporary themes that feature strongly in mainstream history. Cluster one is the environmental context of globalization and associated geographical and social diversifications. Cluster two concerns the scale
 I argue
 in so doing
 which worked to resolve some of the contradictions inherent in the ‘television professor’ at this time. Baxter1s career supplements existing historical work on early television stardom and performance
 upon closer inspection
 there are substantial opportunities for youth to demonstrate their independence
 with manual movement second. Three reasons are provided: Shuffling is faster and cheaper than mentally think)"
 download
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged)"
 without violating the government policy severely. The pro-Taiwan independent newspaper showed more loyalty to the ruling party
 presentation
 and participate in the constructing a narrative of the collective memory."
 Cet article porte sur le médium communicatif brillant qu'est la couleur
 Copyright of Telecommunications Policy is)"
 as well as the extent to which colonial conceptions of race
 replete with technical language and withholdings of emotional and personal reactions
 raises the question of fundamental human rights
 and even when they are
 diagrams
 and knowledge practices. Using a critical
 and community involvement
 learn new skills
 and contents. Not only the media themselves
 Stephen and  Wildman
 Copyright of Communication Monographs is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 are determined by similar competitive relations but at different market levels. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Thomborrow and Fitzgerald unravel the deployment of devices for representing reports of live events in new [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 we must also recognize that word of mouth is an outcome of past sales. Our primary objective is to address these challenges. As a context for our study
 the courts rarely interfere with the judgment of professional educators. Thus
 the television set and activity of watching it. Corner's own work on television history has broached such matters
 helped us identify two primary frames for reporting about the handshake and media-indicated related behaviors (e.g.
 Petros"
 users may print
 the articles provide a panorama of how today’s multimodal media geographies and engaged actors reinscribe public cultures and politics in the Middle East. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 Esther and  Antecol
 download
 and exemplification strategies are extracted and their merits appraised. Exemplification is examined in different domains of communication
 while bourgeois and communist papers developed thematic coverage that promoted competing political agendas in response to these events. Although this varied coverage encouraged diverse constituencies to rally in support of the two Italian-born anarchists
 insulted
 political representation in the tabloid press is more personalized than in quality )"
 download
 Copyright of JMM: The International Journal on Media Management is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. Howe)"
 Copyright of Global Media Journal: Indian Edition is the property of Global Media Journal: Indian Edition and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 commerce
 media consumption
 focusing on communication interventions involving mass media
050 total papers in the 15 journals (13.3%) were about the Internet. The results of this study demonstrate a definite pattern of increase in Internet research
 and more often
 and language choice for user screen names and message signatures are examined. The findings demonstrate how code choices are tailored to the requirements of different modes within a website
 Janet and  Oosterman
 and retain content control with nationally minded regulators in Washington. These regulators' corporate and cosmopolitan vision of modernity is problematic )"
 readers are receiving a distorted image of science as a series of ‘discoveries’ or ‘breakthroughs’
 Nepal (N = 667)
 Asian Americans
 mostly for PC games. As a standard-based industry
 Donald G."
 aggressiveness
 students focused on mass media events
 just as men in Congress do
 and the strategic creation of product franchises that could generate revenue from diverse entertainment venues: films
 stories about individuals who influenced the direction the featured individual took in life
 and library science. Despite varied origins
 download
 download
 driven by economic imperatives and technological changes
 and considers their possible significance within the larger Japanese popular cultural environment in which they are distributed and consumed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 2
 Linda Childers and  Weigold
 instead emphasizing diversity and democracy in a narrative of generalized American “freedom” and unity. The narrative in each text
 based on a review of the postmodern literature
 to determine the prospects of children's television programming. Children's media policies have not kept up with the transition from media monopoly to media pluralism
 Daniel G."
 integration of marketing tools
 social situation
 download
 so that the positiveness of women's alleged superiority as talkers is also diminished. Like other media texts
 the political campaigns launched under Viktor Orbán’s second government (2010–present) have marked a paradigm shift in the history of political communication in Hungary
 Therese L."
"Botma
 it performs a critical discourse analysis on a corpus of national UK newspaper articles in which both a male and a female celebrity scientist are profiled. A discussion of the referential strategies
 Communication & Society is t)"
 Study 1 confirms that a demobilizing effect of hostile networks can only be observed for lower levels of social trust. Study 2 replicates this finding with an online survey addressing the underlying mechanism in a mediated moderation analysis. It is shown that social trust fuels behavioral expectations about how others will react to dissent. Th)"
 En Estonie les consommateurs des média se sont avérés rétifs à l'établissement de l'estonien comme langue commune dans la sphère publique. À ce jour la minorité estonienne qui parle le russe utilise principalement les média russes. La frontière linguistique se reflète également dans le contenu des articles/émissions. Celle-ci apparaît autant au niveau de la minorité locale que dans les pratiques spécifiques de chaque État (Répu)"
 deploying linguistic features typical of personal
 Tony"
 understanding and managing emotions in diverse spheres of life — the ‘affective turn’. The findings of this interview-based study are discussed under the headings of journalists’ relations with sources
 and thus to adequately serve
 and the informal African settlement of Nompumelelo - on consecutive days in 2009. This article argues that social inequalities
” described as “issues of class
nearly all such studies have been conducted in the context of the United States or other advanced democracies
 creates room for more diversity of opinions. The special position of CCTV International in China’s media system allowed greater media experiment to be made possible
 was a timely story about media ownership and democracy. In the South Pacific Islands
 the SAEs do not cluster together in their use of the subjunctive but form a gradient or cline with British English at one end. Similarities between the SAEs emerge from the qualitative analyses. An additional
 issues facing the field
 12 and 14 months of age. No differences were found between the two groups on rate of vocalizations (i.e. consonants produced per minute). Differences between the two groups were seen in place and manner of articulation. OME infants produced more bilabial stops than OME- infants who
"Dow
 and the Swedish model has attracted considerable interest as a possible path to a more heterogeneous media landscape. However
 more decentralized
 download
"GREEN
 three main themes emerged from the triangulation of data: (1) sociocultural capital through group ownership; (2) safe space for creative expression; and (3) developing a sense of community with diverse voices. These young people exercised their collective voice toward pro-social actions by writing and producing their stories and showcasing their works at community screenings. They hoped that their videos would promote individual and community transformations. Building on youth development
 periphery (exposing its ethnic richness while using stereotypes)
 and the economic context for journalism; and how it challenges the continuing relevance of established theories of journalistic gate-keeping. [ABSTRAC)"
 commercialization
 wooden floors
 decides to wear a veil in increasingly Islamophobic Paris
 according to which it regulates different video game use more str)"
 or the success of Hollywood and television tourism. In the society of the machinery
 the importance of interpreting links in context
 just beyond the reach of other's surveillance
 and conclude with promising inroads for theoretical understanding and empirical investigation of how scholarly publishing and communication are evolving. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 tanto por ser el periodo en el que se produce la progresiva sustitución de la escritura latina por la vernácula en las escribanías de la Península Ibérica como por el hecho de que
"Chen
 shaped and reshaped by both journalists and patrons. Detailing its varied dimensions and illustrating its modus operandi
 p/bk
 bio-informaticists
 in-depth and background information
"Melville
 Arab media had predominantly framed the incident as a humiliation for President Bush
 El País (Spain)
 users may print
 albeit with humour
 there is no evidence yet that this affects the willingness to speak out in offline environments. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 however
 or should such perspectives be afforded the magnitude of coverage awarded to Malema
"Hampton
 the Council of Europe has been supporting community media as a means for pluralism and diversity in the media
 there is indeed a standardizing trend among translations and (ii) text types with a lot of editorial control (fiction
 download
 were found to have a positive relationship to network size and diversity. In discussing these trends
 we present empirical results on the entropy of written Albanian language based on a frequency analysis of letters
 this article aims to make connections between macro-level theories of cultural globalization and micro-level theories of feminism. Three scenarios of cultural globalization
 Latvia and Estonia. Indeed
 Culture & Society is the property of Sage Publications
 some of the traditional and undisputed social power of journalists flow towards the public
 to a lesser extent
 in actuality
 the authors found certain curvilinear relations between different types of diversification strategies and performance. The author also stresses the essentiality of some media characteristics that were not incorporated into the proposed framework in the comment. Specifically
 democratic
 Copyright of Journalism is the property of Sage Publications
 governments have either encouraged 'friendly' media groups or
 Copyright of New Media & Society is the property of Sage Publications
 overlook the question of how to empower migrants
 Copyright of Communication Law & Policy is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and)"
 the right-leaning blog network bore little similarity to traditional media’s issue interpretation across two of the three issues.These findings point to two significant trends: the growing power of social influence among partisan blog networks and the weakening influence of elite
 which is not possible through modern corporate
 photovoice
 political orientations
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)"
 behavior
 state and the international community
 to request for transmission and from which media servers
 diversion) as well as intergroup motivations (e.g.
 who joined together across diverse ethnic backgrounds and started a media production NGO with shared class interests. MWTV has produced television shows
 in media usage patterns and sense of community. The findings demonstrate that evacuees use diversity and multiplicity of media
 many schools are retreating from basic civics lessons and are not teaching students how to become active citizens. More importantly
 they also harbor difficulties.  Since 1999
 and gender; and no statistically significance association was found between the kgotla group channel and the three demographic variables. Findings suggest that the interventions have promoted proenvironmental behaviors and attitudes among the respondents. Implications for environmental communication practice and directions for future research are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
 and market participation. This article remembers the disruptions that accompanied the VCR’s introduction to identify longstanding pathways of market formation to which the VCR and our current “digital” ensemble of DVD and downloads conform; and those features common to these and other media technologies which lend themselves to diverse production
 Rebekah A."
 the contribution of girls to this feminist blogosphere remains understudied. In this paper
 and W.G. )"
 major hurdles that limit democratic rights and freedoms persist in practice
 the federation managed to influence the corporation's policy documents
 Ltd. and its content may not be co)"
 media-related domains by analysing example text excerpts from bilingual journals. The linguistic strategies used in this expansion process are rooted in the socio-linguistic situation of Romani (which is discussed in the introductory chapter of this paper) and t)"
 a late-term abortion doctor
 diversity
 McCain had the highest candidate support from Republicans disillusioned with President Bush)"
 users may print
 diversity serves
Jeesoon Hong
 Copyright of Transnational Cinemas is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 psychology
 this article presents evidence that political bloggers are willing to post videos produced by a diverse array of sources
 pluralism of power in communities
 Financial Times Europe and European Voice) is presented
 ‘epistemological Calvinism’ (Stone 1995
 autonomy
 assimilation of elites within the movement
 etc. Limitations under the pretext of informational sovereignty or the fight against terrorism and political extremism should not undermine ideological and political plurality in the media and society. The article concludes with a comparison of the level of press freedom between all 15 post-Soviet states. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Copyright of International Journal of Press/Politics is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written)"
 Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without t)"
"Austin
"Meadows
 discourses
 Copyright of Science Communication is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 and with contests over meaning between dominant ideological frameworks and voices of subversion that challenged these dominant normative understandings
 urban life
 Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. Howe)"
 the continental-style authorities in Austria
 together with new forms of evaluation that could guarantee that both values are present in sufficient measure. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 consisting of the professionalisation of such journals (1998-2008). The dramatic improvement in the quality of such journals
 Copyright of Journal of Children & Media is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or)"
 manifests largely through media corporations’ increasing recognition of Zulu people's pride in Zulu (i.e. the language) and ‘Zuluness’ – all of which are historical products of various forms of socialisation. Coopting this pride
 Germany
 Ulrike"
 2008)
 writers' sex
 Culture & Society is the property of Sage Publications
 the concept of biculturalism—partnership with the indigenous tangata whenua—was pre-eminent in the debate but
 leveraging public opinion
 of the schools without written diversity guidelines. The overwhelming lack of written guidelines for diversity coverage in college newspapers found in this study is vitally important in the field of research
 quasi-normal template. A by-person factor analysis of the Q-sorts revealed 5 model viewpoints: (a) American Sign Language advocate
 the respondents concurred that while a news blog will probably never replace traditional media
 Xanga
 the specific use of the pronouns of the first person plural and consistent metaphors. The paper ties in with the theme of this special issue in that it bridges the gap between construction grammar and linguistic discourse analysis: knowledge of social networks (and their evaluation of utterances) is important for analyzing choices between discourse alternatives by discourse agents (as politicians are). [A)"
 Thomas"
 immediacy
 Andrew"
 the discussed case studies in the areas of alternative and radical media did help to map out emerging practices of both progressive and conservative social movements
 often the primary concern of funding institutions
 gave rise to hopes that it would make previously marginalized actors and arguments more visible to a broader public. To assess these claims
 such as macro-
 or changes in terms of how individual Muslims understand the social purpose and ends of knowledge seeking; (2) respatialization; and (3) mediatization or interrelated changes in terms of how far away and in what kinds of spaces and media one seeks authority or authorization. Collectively
"Chesher
 the group of online editions presented less variety in content. On the other hand
 and remove obstacles to individuals' participation. This paper
 and remove obstacles to individuals' participation. This article
 content produced by the duopoly was compared with pre-consolidation newscasts. Sixty newscasts and 1
 social and cultural issues involved in the acceptance of IT systems by all stakeholders of the organisation. Indeed increasingly it has been acknowledged that one of the main determinants of IT success is organisational culture
 service innovation studies and the neo-Schumpeterian approach are presented. Moreover
 for example
 and)"
 School of English
 radio and television have long been privately owned
 were the same journalistic story as the passings of other figures as diverse as Judy Garland
 Nicole"
"Minic
 offering a more conciliatory tone in articles noting allegations of theocratic influence."
 the broadcasting corporation with a long-standing gender diversity policy actually scored worse than its counterpart without such a policy. The article concludes with a discussion of the apparently difficult relation between traditional news standards and the depiction of gender diversity. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 the market is relatively stable. While control of editorial content is mainly a function of ownership and market forces
 not surprisingly
 Winston"
 social practices involving one's close friends as well as less established ties. Our analyses suggest gender differences in level of engagement with SNS social practices. Women pursue more stronger-tie activities than men
 status equality
 the radical- Marxist approach
 I see the legal production of citizenship linked to the management of diversity in today's media structures
 their elusiveness
 Myra"
 written newspaper corpora and speech transcriptions. Finite state transducers produced the best results for written newspaper corpora
 Copyright of Feminist Media Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 Copyright of Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 the unilingual demand of the nationalist period (in favour of Arabisation)
 users and producers
 if this change applies to all science topics or only to some. The article at hand argues that science issues from different epistemic cultures can be expected to be ""medialized"" to different extents
 users may print
 as well as our ultimate goals of advocacy
"Morange
 Indonesian poetry
 Copyright of Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
"Wilken
 identities and practices for other kinds of interactive media users. Although some respondents think positively of interactive media in an educational context
 however
 the potential economic advantages to be had from multi-platform are significant. The experience of UK broadcasters suggests a well-executed ‘360-degree’ approach to commissioning and distribution will increase th)"
 in order to identify gender differences in the sources used. It argues that
 as a precursor to deciding where to go and who to trust in their local area. Understanding how children's media brokering activities link their families to their communities has wider application to the study of children
 users may print
 both in the EU and in the CoE. Community media organizations
 labeled as naive
 which includes numerous exceptions for Spanish programming to promote content and ownership diversity. Consistent with the FCC's mandate to protect the public interest
 media diversity and the generation of skills and wealth demonstrate how the principles and practices of the two media sectors overlap. S)"
 the re-presentation of social relationships and semiotic markers of Japaneseness
"Ying Li and  Chao Tian and  Diggavi
 and consumers should remain vigilant of consumer frustration
 economic stress
 political partisanship and cultural and religious bias. It was pointed out that the findings raised issues that might be of interest to social scientists. The relationship between high educational attainment and feeling antagonistic toward fundamentalists seemed to be at variance with a body of social research which indicates that the highly educated as a group are more informed and discerning than others and less disposed to form impressions of marginal outgroups on the basis of negative affect and overgeneralization. It could very well be that the images of fundamentalists that are communicated via mass media to the larger public do not convey the diversity within this religious group."
 and 2005. Diversity was adopted as a criterion to measure the quality of foreign news coverage
"Meadows
 resulting in different representations for each application. Hegemonic discourse in terms of a source-generated pro-biotechnology bias is found to be solid for biomedical biotechnology
 Copyright of International Journal of Public Opinion Research is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's )"
"Eilders
 Različni jeziki
 and meso-analysis
 political enlightenment etc. Development journalism strategy is mainly urban-centred mass media-Radio
 and the efforts I
 I suggest that competitiveness is a 'distinct connective power' (Chazin
 Cory L."
 suggesting that news processing conventions rather than journalistic partisanship produced the imbalance. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 download
 are inclined to an interventionist approach of media regulation. They may even revert to protectionist measures undermining the goal of media diversity. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Copyright of Europea)"
 Copyright of Science Communication is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted )"
"" held in Kristiansand
 these more diverse public spheres grew out of a staple of ritualized communication in the form of effigy demonstration reports and stamp master resignation speeches at both the local and intercolonial levels. The p)"
 while the AP frames the event in terms of their disunity
 the market was segmented and media usage increased. The public sphere is established by political
 and transnational relationships with her peers in China. The construction of transnational networks represents the desire of the youth to develop the literate repertoire that would enable her to thrive in multiple linguistic)"
 users may print
 fiction
"Chelba
 and Other orientation (e.g.
 Copyright of Journal of Communication Inquiry is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
 users may print
 and media can dramatically affect the final text and its reception by users. Rather than viewing multimodal production work as just technical skill
 the course is conceptualised in terms of critical EAP
 there has been a significant gap in research around adult gamers. This article is the result of four years' ethnographic research
 the paper proposes to account for such discursive practices and interpretations in public domains
 the research reveals that the cultural imperialism perspective remains quite relevant
 while the press office has remained a central component of the White House Office and has evolved to meet new demands
 but the overall frequency of story type was fairly consistent among the stations. The corporate structure of Spanish-language media is looking more like its English-language counterparts and this oligopoly structure may make it more likely to follow trends such as displacing public discourse with entertainment and reducing the availability of diverse voices. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 ranging from small mom-and-pop businesses
 the V 2 eru 
 Cambridge)
 and renders the nature of music redefined and contested. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 for all the exceptional rates of growth in advertising expenditure being recorded
 which has one of the highest Internet penetration rates in the world and also believers affiliated with all the major world religions. We first critically discuss and empirically examine how online technologies are employed for religious community building in novel and diverse ways. Then we investigate the role religious leaders play through their mental representations of the spatial practices and scales through which their religious communities are imagined and practiced online. We show how churches use the multimodality of the Internet to assemble multiple forms of visible data and maps to extend geographic sensibilities of sacred space and create new social practices of communication. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abs)"
 namely replica
 interactivity and delocalized networked (inter)action. These findings introduce a changed notion of audience agency and the need to rethink the public sphere along these lines. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 download
 social practices
 being older
"Levitan
 and by derivation the sense of national identity
 and found women staffers were not more than fifty."
 users may print
 while coverage of international issues was comparatively small. More than three-quarters of on-camera sources were corporate r)"
 traces the history and application of the NPA
 and Swedish-language television channel put at the service of this relatively small population provides an ideal test case for how extensive media supply interacts with linguistic vitality. The role of minority media has been rapidly and significantly changing over the past decades due to the fragmentation of media spaces and diversification of med)"
 occasionally even compelled
 and maintain political stability. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 on average
 19% opponents
 attention
 and the United Kingdom
 and the latest money-spinning business in direct retail programming and in advertising generally. The danger of over-marketizat)"
 and Rachel Zoll."
 Ltd. an)"
 Merton was active in the overlapping fields of propaganda
 the idea that the democratic de)"
 in part based on contingency. The boundaries of hybrid cultures are negotiated and able to absorb diverse cultural influences: borders are active sites of intersection and overlap
"Demont-Heinrich
 as stories unmasking formerly secret political peccadilloes. The press is not the only institution responsible for media exposes
 the Internet of airline tickets and weather forecasts. This paper compares and contrasts the user and non-user populations in terms of expressive and instrumental Internet use
"Singer
 transnational or European citizenship. It is proposed that of the two versions of translation
 serving the public interest better. In Europe
 younger users are more likely to use mobile phones for getting news and entertainment. Implications for the industry and recommendations for future research are discussed. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
 South
"Thompson
 in the case of morning TV this is a much more fundamental aspect. Therefore breakfast television has consciously adopted the role of structuring and sustaining household routines
 as well as among the audience members themselves. The idea of unified media effects seems to be quite strong in the study of media events-large-scale
 the public improvement doctrine and the anti-establishment doctrine. The first two are well known in the literature of media policy and economics. The second two are sometimes implicit
 and take other actions that may lead to protests. Military actions provoke antiwar protests. Welfare reform bills provoke pro-welfare protests. Protests are also known to be affected by electoral cycles
 relations with clients
 redefining the relationship between national news agencies and national identity
 an interconnection of profound significance in the South African context
 users may print
 relocalized in a plurality of online and offline social spaces. It is thus argued that network relationships are reshaped and mobilized through reconfigurations of co-presence
 that 'publicness' is an essential characteristic of free and independent television
 users may print
 the multiplication of Muslim voices claiming to be able to interpret the sacred texts
 as well as their media CSR activities. Our findings showed that nine of the ten companies have engaged in different types of CSR activities. These companies’ CSR initiatives differ by the types of the company
 which is desirable since it increases the diversity in stances and perspectives
 and at  the (self-)representation of homeless people in texts written by them
 awareness
 I address the extent to which the media is conventional. This paper relies mainly on oral testimonies and primary sources. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Copyright of Gender & Society is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to mult)"
 it states that to have a clearer understanding of media hybridity
 a sports organisation may draw upon a crisis response strategy that we term diversion in order to successfully limit the damage to the organisation''s reputation. In particular
 this chapter indicates that little has changed in the field of media)"
 the article assesses the power dynamics that underlie media policy-making and argues that the process is skewed by the taken-for-granted domination of market ideology. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 the total program (in particular
 synthesizes the hundreds of scientific studies carried out to gain more knowledge about the role of the mass media in the shaping of public opinion. The chapters of this book strive for an orderly and systematic presentation of all the aspects of the theoretical developments concerning the agenda-setting theory combined with a presentation of empirical evidence from the U.S. as well as from many other countries. Another book is ""Elections
 but carry the inherent burden of the intermingling of text and subtext not conveyed by means of language. The suggestion is that this global homogenising trend for target audiences
 Maid in America (2004)
 3
 while this article gives examples of this diversity
 there are quite different suppositions about the nature of reality
 and a particular ethnicity
 one of the largest online databases of wireless router information. The second is an original wireless survey of portions of three census tracts in Chicago
 the need to establish effective dialogue between the different form of local knowledge and scientific knowledge was discussed and developed. The aim was not only to preserve cultural diversity but also to contribute to developing human knowledge and instilling a culture of peace. Various experiences demonstrated the essential role of the scientific communicator in this context. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 discourse analysis and pragmatics
 Ogoni in Rivers State
 has failed
 especially in the print media. Thus
 and occasionally alternative voices. Somewhere in the middle of the two opposing platforms are the Instrumental functions that emphasize media’s role as an information conduit
 society and nation allows them to reproduce a sense of national identity. However
 police
 Copyright of Communication Law & Policy is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may no)"
 there is a considerable amount of overlapping
 Albert C. and  Chih-Yun Chia
 February 12-16
 Divina"
 is important at a global level in addressing cultural maintenance and renewal. This factor is neglected in existing accounts of the emergence of a genuinely multicultural and international public culture. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 with a high diversity of framing. Framing in parliament
 the more discontinuous and radical will be the innovation generated. Empirical ground for this hypothesis is provided through analysis of a much-discussed case of bio)"
 that is
 including differences in the moving
 download
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)"
 and 2000 election cycles. Testing a series of standard political communication hypotheses
 the majority of common-topic editorials in which disagreement was found involved-focus rather than specific editorial opinions or conclusions."
 exposure to editorials presenting the diversity frame moderated the relation between Whites' pretested interracial attitudes (modern racism
 etc. These examples are categorized into 12 groups: Reversals in Assertives
 and work documents. A survey of 213 participants considered individual characteristics such as age
 has a high population density
 yet in Australia there appears to be little interest in the role the media plays in the development and consolidation of a strong and participating citizenry. Rather
Chengju Huang
 viewed through the lens of community radio. While there is a wealth of literature analysing the development of various aspects of the South African media over the last decade
"Meignier
 debates about indigenous language broadcasting in Uganda
 but American universities are not a good place to find either debate or clash of ideas. Diversity rarely extends to ideas that challenge existing beliefs. Thus most of the research work done by literary scholars is met with hostility."
 media use
 using multiple 802.11 wireless access points to provide path diversity to a mobile client
 tend to concentrate on bad news
 Robert"
 and to internalize research methods for the biospheric scale of the ecological crisis. He added that media studies preserves and enlarges the understanding of media effects with fundamental inadequacy of audience research and recontextualize the field's audience-knowledge."
"van Staden
 and further suggested that because the absence of face-to-face communication fostered more heated discussion
"Gulyas
 the straight photographic vision of photographer Paul Strand in the 1920s and digital manipulations of police investigators searching for missing children in the 1990s. Ranging in three hours over the last one hundred years of American photographic history
 and follow-up interviews with female reporters at each newspaper confirmed that socialization processes contributed to the reporting differences found here. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 traditional media outlets are losing audiences to a variety of new medias sources: cable television programs
 convergence
 we examine interactions that reveal the mobilization of pagans' concern with authenticity in the context of late-capitalism
 but differences were found for older African American youth. Lower academic achievement was associated with lower appeal scores for some messages. Age should be a primary consideration in developing and delivering smoking-prevention messages to youth audiences. The unique needs of boys and girls and older African )"
 we propose a channel-aware MD transcoding method to take a)"
 if not
 I show how in dominant discourses on prison sex and sexual violence a blurring occurs between 'homosexuality' and 'male rape'. Consequently
 (2) ridicule/scorn
 celebrated by the U)"
 is also discussed. It is shown through simulation examples that in realistic block-fading channels
 to the range of subjects now covered and to the main locations of political coverage. This article argues
 and a desire to ensure that countries can continue to make cultural policies and regulate their cultural markets without contravening commitments made as part of multilateral trade agreements
 which appears to have favored a substantial programme-type diversity and differentiation between the channels. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 so that positive claims are reported critically and negatively. Larger chains apparently produce more releases and gain more newspaper coverage
 and diffusely focused struggles such as reconciliation in Australia. It examines the way in which the Internet can be used to amplify
 and associated puzzles
 particularly its social relations and young people's awareness of the valorised identities and ‘supervisory discourses’ that circulate there. It explores spe)"
 law and legal issues; and the pivotal role of the media. When one considers disability as diversity
 more specialised genres intended for larger audiences such as the newspaper
 Ltd. and its content )"
 representation and communicative operations between the virtual and real produced by digital technologies. The emergence of hybrid identities in digital media such as digital bodies
 the writer argues that political
 the writer argues that political
 from an opposing media economics schema
 school
 users may print
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given a)"
 images of celebrations at the end of WWII
 and other support
 Finnish sports magazines
 language
 in the effort to assure the cultivation of appropriate models of citizenship. In this article
 I end with specific sugges)"
 leisure
 download
 Copyright of Australian Journal of Communication is the property of University of Queensland
 users may print
 and Australian scholars from media studies and communication
"Neijens
 Deaf Broadcasting Council
 such that most of the responses (at least 70%) were created within the average response latency of the responders
 Cet article introduit une nouvelle dimension dans le débat sur la compétence d)"
 Hanks
 2000 ). Our conclusion is that by providing spaces for social interaction and relationships beyond the workplace and home
 download
 and bodybuilding magazine representations of the body and sexuality
 Pentecostalism and politics and  Pentecostalism and the media. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 Christopher H."
 and how these constructions articulate with or challenge the dominant understanding of home as a heterosexualized family space. I consider the intertwining of the material and the discursive in perceptions of home
 involved in decision making
 the Advocate consolidated the image of the ideal gay consumer
 glosses over and
 gay male images have appeared in print advertisements since early in the last century. Using a framework categorizing minority depictions in media over time and adapted for this study
 the invasive presence of Italian and the lack of resources
 sound technologies are hybrid devices: they are miniaturized assemblages of audio
 it discusses the developmental dynamics and contradictions of the Canadian industry in terms of capital
 despite their considerable popular currency at the time of writing (September 2001). In both cases
"McLaughlin
 role in relation to the development of content for new multimedia platforms. This article critically engages with the 'global march of technology' thesis as it applies to the field of multimedia 'content' applications. We define this multimedia applications field as both an emerging new media industry and a new cultural form which (like the mature media) offers a potential public space for the negotiation of cultural values and forms of identity. We are mainly concerned with the application of multimedia technologies for the production of cultural products aimed at final users in the home and the implications of current globalization trends for diversity of content and local cultures. The article also addresses aspects of national and EU public policies related to t)"
 choice
 there are specific challenges in communicating corporate responsibility -- including scepticism towards company messages and potentially hostile reactions from the media
 in particular
 and in the interests of avoiding social exclusion
 the `communication debate'
 and political trends as contexts for biliteracy; the standard/nonstandard dilemma -- media of biliteracy as reflected in evolving views of la)"
 often experimental
 and the production as well as consumption of media. These developments have powerful implications for the way nations are narrated in broadcast television and for our understanding of how television itself is evolving. The article argues that Indigeneity points the way to new notions of both nation and television. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
 I suggest that their scopic regimes are different from earlier ads. The campaigns play across the domains of public and private space to disrupt more conventional modes of femininity and masculinity. This play provides humour
 rather than the )"
"Chalaby
 ""Good Times"" shared a concern with socially relevant subject matter that transcended traditional sitcom fare. Because of its approach to questions of representation and its attempt to address social and political issues related to black poverty and racism
 Karen"
 Communication & Society is)"
 the communication industry deals with only one constant
 as well as educational policies and programmes involving use of minoritised languages in media
 effective communication
 local programming and the local opt-out. Taking Eurosport and MTV as examples
 and social service delivery
 Tina"
 and financially better off are the most likely bearers of these values. Further
 and I accept that they are not necessarily incompatible
 some pre-planning will help make that process as painless as possible."
 which all affect
 were supported by examining changes in American family structure
 teachers
 and new entries into international markets."
 uniform media access for divergent population preferences. These two faces have a dialectic relationship: usually for media systems it is not possible to produce full reflection and full openness at the same time. In Section 4 it is argued that
 Nina"
 JAN and  OLSSON
 JOHANN"
 the expanding number of media outlets allows deserving opinions to reach large audiences indirectly by persuading the mainstream press to pick up on the subject. Third
 but have their own legal independence; (3) cross-media ownership -- media companies include different kinds of media in their portfolio; (4) conglomerates -- corporations whose main activity pertains to a dif)"
"Wolfram
 and whether we encourage the best literacy for the age we live in. Often the assumption is that everyone shares the same meaning of the word 'literacy'
 Jack M. and  Sotirovic
 media
 focused geographical neighbourhoods. This point emphasises the fact that affinity is based on focused interest rather than proximity. Telecommunication technologies used in the ways hypothesised here have effectively redefined the word ""local"" so that it now encompasses two senses; geographically focused (proximate) and focused (share)"
 Copyright of Public Relations Review is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However
'"" which examines a British science fiction film."
 and examine current and potential means to achieve outcomes that are consistent with cultural as well as economic or trade objectives. The focus of article by authors Julia Hammett-Jamart is an older mechanism to generate Australian content and stimulate cinematic diversity: the film coproduction agreement. Hammett-Jamart contrasts the approaches of the Australian and French governments to coproduction and reveals different policy rationales and approaches to cultural diversity. The final two articles in this issue provide contrasting accounts of the impacts of trade agreements in particular countries."
 or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)"
 experience
 engineering
 Condace L."
 mistrustful of mass media and can best be reached through word-of-mouth promotion
 Mollyann and  Kjellson
 which however
"" by Eliza Tanner Hawkins with Kirk A. Hawkins
 download
 and Local Conflict with Nonlocal Groups
"" by Olef Hultén."
 Eddo and  Romano
 ""Content Differences between Daily Newspapers with Strong and Weak Market Orientations
"" by Francis P. Kasoma
"" by Vera Lee-Schoenfeld."
 government agencies and social thinkers. In welcoming address chairman of AIDCOM said that in a pluralist society like Malaysia
 access barriers to print media imposed by low literacy rates in many Arab countries produce greater variation in control of the press. Four basic types of press system are proposed. A mobilization press is common to countries like Syria and Libya where a ruling group devoted to revolutionary change outlaws public opposition and uses the press to actively promote its policies Rugh's book serves not only as a valuable introduction to the media systems within each of the countries in this region but also as an important corrective to the widespread but mistaken notion that journalistic independence flourishes only in pan-Arab satellite networks like Al-Jazeera."
 I see the legal production of citizenship linked to the management of diversity in today’s media structures
 teachers and others who do not have formal or professional training."
"" which appeared in the January 28
 most obviously in the steady progress of 'demassification' and fragmentation. The problematic of 'media effects' is no longer pivotal
 technology and applications supporting the transfer and organization of information
 users m)"
 training health professionals
"" by Marco Calavita
